[1] "[1] \"Item 1A. Risk Factors The following factors, as well as other factors not set forth below, may adversely affect the business, operations, financial condition or resultsof operations of the Company (sometimes referred to in this section as <U+0093>we<U+0094> <U+0093>us<U+0094> or <U+0093>our<U+0094>). Ourprofitability and future growth depend on our continued access to bank financing. The profitability and growth of our business currentlydepend on our ability to access bank debt at competitive rates. We currently depend on a $140.0 million line of credit facility with a financial institution to finance our purchases of Contracts and fund our direct loans. This line of creditcurrently has a maturity date of November 30, 2011 and is secured by substantially all our assets. At March 31, 2010, we had approximately $107.3 million outstanding under the line of credit and approximately $32.7 million available foradditional borrowing. The availability of our credit facility depends, in part, on factors outside of our control, including regulatorycapital treatment for unfunded bank lines of credit and the availability of bank loans in general. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that this credit facility will continue to be available beyond the current maturity date on reasonable terms or at all.If we are unable to renew or replace our credit facility or find alternative financing at reasonable rates, we may be forced to liquidate. We will continue to depend on the availability of our line of credit, together with cash from operations, tofinance our future operations. The terms of our indebtedness impose significant restrictions on us. Our existing outstanding indebtedness restricts our ability to, among other things:  <U+0095>  sell or transfer assets;  <U+0095>  incur additional debt;  <U+0095>  repay other debt;  <U+0095>  pay dividends;  <U+0095>  make certain investments or acquisitions;  <U+0095>  repurchase or redeem capital stock;  <U+0095>  engage in mergers or consolidations; and  <U+0095>  engage in certain transactions with subsidiaries and affiliates. In addition, our line of credit facility requires us to comply with certain financial ratios and covenants and to satisfy specified financial tests,including maintenance of asset quality and portfolio performance tests. Our ability to continue to meet those financial ratios and tests could be affected by events beyond our control. Failure to meet any of these covenants, financial ratios orfinancial tests could result in an event of default under our line of credit facility. If an event of default occurs under this credit facility, the lender may take one or more of the following actions:  12  <U+0095>  increase our borrowing costs;  <U+0095>  restrict our ability to obtain additional borrowings under the facility;  <U+0095>  accelerate all amounts outstanding under the facility; or  <U+0095>  enforce its interests against collateral pledged under the facility. If our lender accelerates our debt payments, our assets may not be sufficient to fully repay the debt. We will require a significant amount of cash to service our indebtedness and meet our other liquidity needs. Our ability to make payments on or to refinance our indebtedness and to fund our operations and planned capital expenditures depends on our futureoperating performance. Our primary cash requirements include the funding of:  <U+0095>  Contract purchases and direct loans;  <U+0095>  interest payments under our line of credit facility and other indebtedness;  <U+0095>  capital expenditures for technology and facilities;  <U+0095>  ongoing operating expenses;  <U+0095>  planned expansions by opening additional branch offices; and  <U+0095>  any required income tax payments. In addition, because we expect to continue to require substantial amounts of cash for the foreseeable future, we may seek additional debt or equityfinancing. The type, timing and terms of the financing we select will be dependent upon our cash needs, the availability of other financing sources and the prevailing conditions in the financial markets. There is no assurance that any of thesesources will be available to us at any given time or that on reasonable terms on which these sources may be available will be favorable. Our inability to obtain such additional financing on reasonable terms could adversely impact our ability togrow. Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition. We currently have a substantial amount of outstanding indebtedness. Our ability to make payments on, or to refinance, our indebtedness will depend on ourfuture operating performance, including our ability to access additional debt and equity financing, which, to a certain extent, is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our high level of indebtedness could have important consequences for our business. For example,  <U+0095>  we may be unable to satisfy our obligations under our outstanding indebtedness;  <U+0095>  we may find it more difficult to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and general corporate needs;  <U+0095>  we may have to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash resources to the payments on our outstanding indebtedness, thereby reducing the fundsavailable for operations and future business opportunities; and  <U+0095>  we may be more vulnerable to adverse general economic and industry conditions. We may incur substantial additional debt in the future. If new debt is added to our current levels, the risks described above could intensify.  13 We may experience high delinquency rates in our loan portfolios, which could reduce our profitability. Our profitability depends, to a material extent, on the performance of Contracts that we purchase. Historically, we have experiencedhigher delinquency rates than traditional financial institutions because a large portion of our loans are to non-prime borrowers, who are unable to obtain financing from traditional sources due to their credit history. Although we attempt tomitigate these high credit risks with our underwriting standards and collection procedures, these standards and procedures may not offer adequate protection against the risk of default, especially in difficult economic times such as have existedover much of the past twenty-four months. In the event of a default, the collateral value of the financed vehicle usually does not cover the outstanding loan balance and costs of recovery. Higher than anticipated delinquencies and defaults on ourContracts would reduce our profitability. In addition, in the event we were to make any bulk purchases of seasoned Contracts, we mayexperience higher than normal delinquency rates with respect to these loan portfolios due to our inability to apply our underwriting standards to each loan comprising the acquired portfolios. We would similarly attempt to mitigate the high creditrisks associated with these loans, although no assurances can be given that we would be able to do so. We depend upon our relationshipswith our dealers. Our business depends in large part upon our ability to establish and maintain relationships with reputable dealers whooriginate the Contracts we purchase. Although we believe we have been successful in developing and maintaining such relationships, such relationships are not exclusive, and many of them are not longstanding. There can be no assurances that we willbe successful in maintaining such relationships or increasing the number of dealers with whom we do business, especially in light of higher than normal dealership closures as a result of the recent economic downturn, or that our existing dealer basewill continue to generate a volume of Contracts comparable to the volume of such Contracts historically generated by such dealers. Oursuccess depends upon our ability to implement our business strategy. Our financial position depends on management<U+0092>s ability toexecute our business strategy. Key factors involved in the execution of our business strategy include achievement of the desired Contract purchase volume, the use of effective risk management techniques and collection methods, continued investmentin technology to support operating efficiency and continued access to significant funding and liquidity sources. Our failure or inability to execute any element of our business strategy could materially adversely affect our business and financialcondition. Our business is highly dependent upon general economic conditions. We are subject to changes in general economic conditions that are beyond our control. During periods of economic slowdown or recession, such as hasexisted for much of the past twenty-four months, delinquencies, defaults, repossessions and losses generally increase. These periods also may be accompanied by decreased consumer demand for automobiles and declining values of automobiles securingoutstanding loans, which weakens collateral coverage on our loans and increases the amount of a loss we would experience in the event of default. Because we focus on non-prime borrowers, the actual rates of delinquencies, defaults, repossessions andlosses on these loans are higher than those experienced in the general automobile finance industry and could be more dramatically affected by a general economic downturn. In addition, during an economic slowdown or recession, our servicing costs mayincrease without a corresponding increase in our servicing income. While we seek to manage the higher risk inherent in loans made to non-prime borrowers through our underwriting criteria and collection methods, no assurance can be given that thesecriteria or methods will afford adequate protection against these risks. Any sustained period of increased delinquencies, defaults, repossessions or losses or increased servicing costs could adversely affect our business and financial condition.  14 Recent economic developments may continue to adversely affect our business and financial condition. Recently, the United States has experienced a period of economic slowdown or recession that has, and may continue to, adversely affect ourbusiness and financial condition. High unemployment and continued lack of available credit have contributed to delinquencies and losses above our historical averages. Additionally, fluctuating gasoline prices, unstable real estate values, resets of adjustable rate mortgages and other factors have adversely impactedconsumer confidence and disposable income. These conditions have increased loss frequency, decreased consumer demand for automobiles and weakened collateral values on certain types of vehicles. Because we focus predominately on sub-prime borrowers,the actual rates of delinquencies, defaults, repossessions and losses on Contracts are higher than those experienced in the general automobile finance industry and have been materially affected by the recent economic downturn. If economic and creditconditions do not improve, our business and financial condition could be further adversely affected. The auction proceeds we receive fromthe sale of repossessed vehicles and other recoveries are subject to fluctuation due to economic and other factors beyond our control. Ifwe repossess a vehicle securing a Contract, we typically have it transported to an automobile auction for sale. Auction proceeds from the sale of repossessed vehicles and other recoveries are usually not sufficient to cover the outstanding balanceof the Contract, and the resulting deficiency is charged off. In addition, there is, on average, approximately a 30-day lapse between the time we repossess a vehicle and the time it is sold by a dealer or at auction. The proceeds we receive fromsuch sales depend upon various factors, including the supply of, and demand for, used vehicles at the time of sale. Such supply and demand are dependent on many factors. For example, the Consumer Assistance to Recycle and Save Act of 2009, whichprovided incentives to replace older vehicles with new, fuel-efficient vehicles in the second half of 2009, has resulted in a temporary reduction in the supply of used vehicles, thus temporarily bolstering used automobile prices. At the same time,during periods of economic slowdown or recession, such as has existed in the U.S. for much of the past 24 months, the demand for used cars may soften, resulting in depressed demand for used vehicles and decreased auction proceeds to us from the saleof repossessed automobiles. Furthermore, depressed wholesale prices for used automobiles may result from significant liquidations of rental or fleet inventories, and from increased volume of trade-ins due to promotional financing programs offered bynew vehicle manufacturers. Decreased auction proceeds to us resulting from sales of used automobiles at depressed prices will result in losses and, in turn, reduced profitability. An increase in market interest rates may reduce our profitability. Our long-term profitability may be directly affected by the level of and fluctuations in interest rates. Sustained, significant increases in interestrates may adversely affect our liquidity and profitability by reducing the interest rate spread between the rate of interest we receive on our Contracts and interest rates that we pay under our outstanding line of credit facility. As interest ratesincrease, our gross interest rate spread on new originations will generally decline since the rates charged on the Contracts originated or purchased from dealers generally are limited by statutory maximums, restricting our opportunity to pass onincreased interest costs. We monitor the interest rate environment and have entered into interest rate swap agreements relating to a portion of our outstanding debt with maturities ranging from July 2, 2010 through February 2, 2011. Eachof these agreements effectively converts a portion of our floating-rate debt to a fixed-rate, thus reducing the impact of interest rate changes on our interest expense. These interest rate swap agreements may not adequately mitigate the impact ofchanges in interest rates, however, and we may not be able to enter into such agreements in the future.  15 Our growth depends upon our ability to retain and attract a sufficient number of qualified employees. To a large extent, our growth strategy depends on the opening of new offices that will focus primarily on purchasing Contracts and makingdirect loans in markets we have not previously served. Future expansion of our office network depends, in part, upon our ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced office managers and the ability of such managers to developrelationships with dealers that serve those markets. We generally do not open new offices until we have located and hired a qualified and experienced individual to manage the office. Typically, this individual will be familiar with local marketconditions and have existing relationships with dealers in the area to be served. Although we believe that we can attract and retain qualified and experienced personnel as we proceed with planned expansion into new markets, no assurance can be giventhat we will be successful in doing so. Competition to hire personnel possessing the skills and experience required by us could contribute to an increase in our employee turnover rate. High turnover or an inability to attract and retain qualifiedpersonnel could have an adverse effect on our origination, delinquency, default and net loss rates and, ultimately, our financial condition. The loss of one of our key executives could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our growth and development to date have been largely dependent upon the services of Peter L. Vosotas, our Chairman of the Board, President and ChiefExecutive Officer, Ralph T. Finkenbrink, our Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President-Finance, and Douglas W. Marohn, our Senior Vice President-Branch Operations. We do not maintain key-man life insurance policies on theseexecutives. Although we believe that we have sufficient additional experienced management personnel to accommodate the loss of any key executive, the loss of services of one or more of these executives could have a material adverse effect on ourbusiness and financial condition. We are subject to risks associated with litigation. As a consumer finance company, we are subject to various consumer claims and litigation seeking damages and statutory penalties, based upon, among otherthings:  <U+0095>  usury laws;  <U+0095>  disclosure inaccuracies;  <U+0095>  wrongful repossession;  <U+0095>  violations of bankruptcy stay provisions;  <U+0095>  certificate of title disputes;  <U+0095>  fraud;  <U+0095>  breach of contract; and  <U+0095>  discriminatory treatment of credit applicants. Some litigation against us could take the form of class action complaints by consumers. As the assignee of Contracts originated by dealers, we may alsobe named as a co-defendant in lawsuits filed by consumers principally against dealers. The damages and penalties claimed by consumers in these types of actions can be substantial. The relief requested by the plaintiffs varies but may includerequests for compensatory, statutory and punitive damages. No assurances can be given that we will not experience material financial losses in the future as a result of litigation and other legal proceedings.  16 We are subject to many laws and governmental regulations, and any material violations of or changes inthese laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business operations. Our financingoperations are subject to regulation, supervision and licensing under various federal, state and local statutes and ordinances. Additionally, the procedures that we must follow in connection with the repossession of vehicles securing Contracts areregulated by each of the states in which we do business. The various federal, state and local statutes, regulations, and ordinances applicable to our business govern, among other things:  <U+0095>  licensing requirements;  <U+0095>  requirements for maintenance of proper records;  <U+0095>  payment of required fees to certain states;  <U+0095>  maximum interest rates that may be charged on loans to finance new and used vehicles;  <U+0095>  debt collection practices;  <U+0095>  proper disclosure to customers regarding financing terms;  <U+0095>  privacy regarding certain customer data;  <U+0095>  interest rates on loans to customers;  <U+0095>  telephone solicitation of direct loan customers; and  <U+0095>  collection of debts from loan customers who have filed bankruptcy. We believe that we maintain all material licenses and permits required for our current operations and are in substantial compliance with all applicablelocal, state and federal regulations. Our failure, or failure by dealers who originate the Contracts we purchase, to maintain all requisite licenses and permits, and to comply with other regulatory requirements, could result in consumers havingrights of rescission and other remedies that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Furthermore, any changes in applicable laws, rules and regulations, such as the additional or revised regulations that have recently beenput forth by the U.S. Congress relating to the creation of a consumer financial protection agency, may make our compliance therewith more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. Our Chief Executive Officer and certain members of the Mahan family hold a significant percentage of our common stock and may take actions adverse toyour interests. Peter L. Vosotas, our Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, and certain members of the Mahanfamily, including the adult children of Marvin and Ingrid Mahan, and certain entities controlled by them, owned approximately 14.8% and 10.6%, respectively, of our common stock as of June 1, 2010. As a result, they may be able to significantlyinfluence matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election and removal of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as mergers, consolidations and sales of assets. This concentration of ownership could have theeffect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control or impeding a merger or consolidation, takeover or other business combination, which could cause the market price of our common stock to fall or prevent you from receiving a premium insuch transaction.  17 Our stock is lightly traded, which may limit your ability to resell your shares. The average daily trading volume of our shares on the NASDAQ Global Select Market for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010 was approximately 8,770shares. Thus, our common stock is thinly traded. Thinly traded stock can be more volatile than stock trading in an active public market. Factors such as our financial results, the introduction of new products and services by us or our competitors,and various factors affecting the consumer-finance industry generally may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock. In recent years, the stock market has experienced a high level of price and volume volatility, and marketprices for the stocks of many companies, including ours, have experienced wide price fluctuations that have not necessarily been related to their operating performance. Therefore, our shareholders may not be able to sell their shares at the volumes,prices, or times that they desire. We operate in a competitive market. The non-prime consumer-finance industry is highly competitive. There are numerous financial service companies that provide consumer credit in the marketsserved by us, including banks, credit unions, other consumer finance companies and captive finance companies owned by automobile manufacturers and retailers. Many of these competitors have substantially greater financial resources than us. Inaddition, our competitors often provide financing on terms more favorable to automobile purchasers or dealers than we offer. Many of these competitors also have long-standing relationships with automobile dealerships and may offer dealerships ortheir customers other forms of financing, including dealer floor-plan financing and leasing, which are not provided by us. Providers of non-prime consumer financing have traditionally competed primarily on the basis of:  <U+0095>  interest rates charged;  <U+0095>  the quality of credit accepted;  <U+0095>  the flexibility of loan terms offered; and  <U+0095>  the quality of service provided. Our ability to compete effectively with other companies offering similar financing arrangements depends on maintaining close relationships with dealersof new and used vehicles. We may not be able to compete successfully in this market or against these competitors. We have focused on asegment of the market composed of consumers who typically do not meet the more stringent credit requirements of traditional consumer financing sources and whose needs, as a result, have not been addressed consistently by such financing sources. If,however, other providers of consumer financing were to assert a significantly greater effort to penetrate our targeted market segment, we may have to reduce our interest rates and fees in order to maintain our market share. Any reduction in ourinterest rates or fees could have an adverse impact on our profitability or financial condition. We may experience problems with ourintegrated computer systems or be unable to keep pace with developments in technology. We use various technologies in our business,including telecommunication, data processing, and integrated computer systems. Technology changes rapidly. Our ability to compete successfully with other financing companies may depend on our ability to efficiently and cost-effectively implementtechnological changes. Moreover, to keep pace with our competitors, we may be required to invest in technological changes that do not necessarily improve our profitability.  18 We utilize integrated computer systems to respond to customer inquiries and to monitor the performance ofour Contract and direct loan portfolios and the performance of individual customers under our Contracts and direct loans. Problems with our systems<U+0092> operations could adversely impact our ability to monitor our portfolios or collect amounts dueunder our Contracts and direct loans, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments\""
