[1] "[1] \"Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefullyconsider all of the information in this report, particularly the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks thatwe face. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations in future periods. Risks Related to Our Business Changes in general economic conditions, and their impact on consumer confidence and consumer spending, could adversely impact our results ofoperations. Our performance is subject to general economic conditions and their impact on levels of consumer confidence and consumerspending. In recent years, consumer confidence and consumer spending deteriorated significantly, influenced by fluctuating interest rates and credit availability, changing fuel and other energy costs, fluctuating commodity prices, higher levels ofunemployment and consumer debt levels, reductions in net worth based on market declines, home foreclosures and reductions in home values, and general uncertainty regarding the overall future economic environment. Consumer purchases of discretionaryitems, including our merchandise, generally decline during periods when disposable income is adversely affected or there is economic uncertainty, and this could adversely impact our results of operations. In the event of another significant economicdownturn, we could experience lower than expected net revenues, which could force us to delay or slow the implementation of our growth strategies and adversely impact our results of operations. Our inability to predict and respond in a timely manner to changes in consumer demand could adversely affect our net revenues and results ofoperations. Our success depends on our ability to gauge the fashion tastes of our customers and to provide merchandise that satisfiesconsumer demand in a timely manner. Our products must appeal to a broad range of consumers whose preferences cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to rapid change. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to developappealing patterns and styles or meet changing consumer demands in the future. If we misjudge the market for our products, we may be faced with significant excess inventories for some products and missed opportunities for other products. Merchandisemisjudgments could adversely impact our net revenues and results of operations. Our results of operations could suffer if we lose keymanagement or design associates or are unable to attract and retain the talent required for our business. Our performance dependslargely on the efforts and abilities of our senior management and product development teams. These executives and design associates have substantial experience in our business and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. We donot have employment agreements with any of our key executives or design associates. The unexpected loss of services of certain of these individuals could have adverse impacts on our business and results of operations. As our business grows and weopen new stores, we will need to attract and retain additional qualified employees and develop, train, and manage an increasing number of management-level, sales, and other employees. Competition for qualified employees is intense. We cannot assureyou that we will be able to attract and retain employees as needed in the future. Our business depends on a strong brand. If we areunable to maintain and enhance our brand, then we may be unable to sell our products, which could adversely impact our results of operations. We believe that the brand image that we have developed has contributed significantly to the success of our business. We also believe that maintaining and enhancing the Vera Bradley brand is critical tomaintaining and  16 expanding our customer base. Maintaining and enhancing our brand may require us to make substantial investments in areas such as product design, store operations, and community relations. Theseinvestments might not succeed. If we are unable to maintain or enhance our brand image, our results of operations could be adversely impacted. If we are unable to successfully implement our growth strategies or manage our growing business, our future operating results could suffer. The success of our growth strategies, alone or collectively, will depend on various factors, including the appeal of our productdesigns, retail presentation to consumers, competitive conditions, and economic conditions. If we are unsuccessful in implementing some or all of our strategies or initiatives, our future operating results could be adversely impacted. Successful implementation of our strategies will require us to manage our growth. To manage our growth effectively, we will need to continue to increaseproduction while maintaining strict quality control. We also will need to continue to improve and invest in our systems and processes to keep pace with planned increases in demand. We could suffer a decline in sales if our products do not continueto meet our quality control standards or if we are unable to respond adequately to increases in customer demand for our products. We arecontinuing to invest in our specialty retailers to support them in growing along with Vera Bradley. This channel will continue to evolve over time as we balance the channel dynamics between the specialty retailer, our Direct stores, and e-commerce. Additionally, our current growth strategy includes plans to expand internationally. We currently plan to open additional<U+0093>shop-in-shop<U+0094> stores within Japanese department stores. We do not yet have significant experience operating in Japan, and we face established competitors. Furthermore, Japan has different operational characteristics, including butnot limited to employment and labor, transportation, logistics, real estate, and local reporting or legal requirements. In addition, consumer demand and behavior, as well as tastes and purchasing trends may differ in Japan, and as a result, sales ofour product may not be successful, or the margins on those sales may not be in line with those we currently anticipate. If our international expansion plans are unsuccessful, our financial results could be adversely affected. We may not be able to successfully open and operate new stores as planned, which could adversely impact our results of operations. Our continued growth will depend on our ability to successfully open and operate new stores. We plan to open 14 to 20 new storesduring each of the next five fiscal years. Our ability to successfully open and operate new stores depends on many factors, including our ability to:  <U+0095>  identify suitable store locations, the availability of which is outside our control;  <U+0095>  negotiate acceptable lease terms, including desired tenant improvement allowances;  <U+0095>  hire, train, and retain store personnel and management;  <U+0095>  assimilate new store personnel and management into our corporate culture;  <U+0095>  source and manufacture inventory; and  <U+0095>  successfully integrate new stores into our existing operations and information technology systems. The success of new store openings may also be affected by our ability to initiate marketing efforts in advance of opening our first store in a particularregion. Additionally, we will encounter pre-operating costs and we may encounter initial losses while new stores commence operations, which could strain our resources and adversely impact our results of operations.  17 Our inability to sustain levels of comparable-store sales could cause our stock price to decline. We may not be able to sustain the levels of comparable-store sales that we have experienced in the recent past. If our futurecomparable-store sales decline or fail to meet market expectations, then the price of our common stock could decline. Also, the aggregate results of operations of our stores have fluctuated in the past and will fluctuate in the future. Numerousfactors influence comparable-store sales, including fashion trends, competition, national and regional economic conditions, pricing, inflation, the timing of the release of new merchandise and promotional events, changes in our merchandise mix,inventory shrinkage, marketing programs, and weather conditions. In addition, many companies with retail operations have been unable to sustain high levels of comparable-store sales during and after periods of substantial expansion. These factorsmay cause our comparable-store sales results to be lower in the future than in recent periods or lower than expectations, either of which could result in a decline in the price of our common stock. We are subject to risks associated with leasing substantial amounts of space, including future increases in occupancy costs. We do not own any real estate other than our warehouse and distribution facility. We lease our corporate headquarters, our other offices, and all of ourstore locations. We typically occupy our stores under operating leases with terms of ten years. We have been able to negotiate favorable rental rates in recent years due in part to the state of the economy and high vacancy rates within some shoppingcenters, but there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to negotiate such favorable terms. Some of our leases have early cancellation clauses, which permit the lease to be terminated by us or the landlord if certain sales levels are notmet in specific periods or if the shopping center does not meet specified occupancy standards. In addition to requiring future minimum lease payments, some of our store leases provide for the payment of common area maintenance charges, real propertyinsurance, and real estate taxes. Many of our lease agreements have escalating rent provisions over the initial term and any extensions. As we expand our store base, our lease expense and our cash outlays for rent under lease agreements willincrease. Our substantial operating lease obligations could have significant negative consequences, including:  <U+0095>  requiring that a substantial portion of our available cash be applied to pay our rental obligations, thus reducing cash available for other purposes;  <U+0095>  increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;  <U+0095>  limiting our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business or industry; and  <U+0095>  limiting our ability to obtain additional financing. Any of these consequences could place us at a disadvantage with respect to our competitors. We depend on cash flow from operating activities to pay our lease expenses and to fulfill our other cash needs.If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operating activities to fund these expenses and needs, we may not be able to service our lease expenses, grow our business, respond to competitive challenges, or fund our other liquidityand capital needs, which would harm our business. Additional sites that we lease may be subject to long-term non-cancelable leases if we areunable to negotiate our current standard lease terms. If an existing or future store is not profitable, and we decide to close it, we may nonetheless be committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease, including paying the base rentfor the balance of the lease term. Moreover, even if a lease has an early cancellation clause, we may not satisfy the contractual requirements for early cancellation under the lease. Our inability to enter new leases or renew existing leases onacceptable terms or be released from our obligations under leases for stores that we close would, in any such case, affect us adversely.  18 We operate in a competitive market. Our competitors might develop products more popular with consumersthan our products. The market for handbags, accessories, and travel and leisure items is competitive. Our competitive challengesinclude:  <U+0095>  attracting consumer traffic;  <U+0095>  sourcing and manufacturing merchandise efficiently;  <U+0095>  competitively pricing our products and achieving customer perception of value;  <U+0095>  maintaining favorable brand recognition and effectively marketing our products to consumers in diverse market segments;  <U+0095>  developing designs that appeal to a broad range of demographic and age segments;  <U+0095>  developing high-quality products; and  <U+0095>  establishing and maintaining good working relationships with our Indirect retailers. In our Indirect business, we compete with numerous manufacturers, importers, and distributors of handbags, accessories, and other products for thelimited space available for the display of such products to the consumer. In our Direct business, we compete against other gift and specialty retailers, department stores, catalog retailers, and Internet businesses that engage in the retail sale ofsimilar products. Moreover, the general availability of contract manufacturing allows new entrants easy access to the markets in which we compete, which may increase the number of competitors and adversely affect our competitive position and ourbusiness. We rely on various contract manufacturers to produce a significant majority of our products and generally do not havelong-term contracts with our manufacturers. Disruptions in our contract manufacturers<U+0092> systems, losses of manufacturing certifications, or other actions by these manufacturers could increase our cost of sales, adversely affect our net revenues,and injure our reputation and customer relationships, thereby harming our business. Our various contract manufacturers produce asignificant majority of our products. We generally do not enter into long-term formal written agreements with our manufacturers and instead transact business with each of them on an order-by-order basis. In the event of a disruption in our contractmanufacturers<U+0092> systems, we may be unable to locate alternative manufacturers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all. Identifying a suitable manufacturer is an involved process that requires us to become satisfied with theprospective manufacturer<U+0092>s quality control, responsiveness and service, financial stability, and labor practices. Any delay, interruption, or increased cost in the manufactured products that might occur for any reason, such as the lack oflong-term contracts or regulatory requirements and the loss of certifications, power interruptions, fires, hurricanes, war, or threats of terrorism, could affect our ability to meet customer demand for our products, adversely affect our netrevenues, increase our cost of sales, and hurt our results of operations. In addition, manufacturing disruption could injure our reputation and customer relationships, thereby harming our business. We rely on various suppliers to supply a significant majority of our raw materials. Disruption in the supply of raw materials could increase ourcost of goods sold and adversely affect our net revenues. We generally do not enter into long-term formal written agreements with oursuppliers and typically transact business with each of them on an order-by-order basis. As a result, we cannot assure that there will be no significant disruption in the supply of fabrics or raw materials from our current sources or, in the event ofa disruption, that we would be able to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all.  19 We rely on a single warehouse and distribution facility for all of the products we sell. Disruption tothat facility could adversely impact our results of operations, and expansion of that facility could have unpredictable adverse effects. Our warehouse and distribution operations are currently concentrated in a single, company-owned distribution center in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Anysignificant disruption in the operation of the facility due to natural disaster or severe weather, or events such as fire, accidents, power outages, system failures, or other unforeseen causes, could devalue or damage a significant portion of ourinventory and could adversely affect our product distribution and sales until such time as we could secure an alternative facility. If we encounter difficulties with our distribution facility or other problems or disasters arise, we cannot ensurethat critical systems and operations will be restored in a timely manner or at all, and this would have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, our growth could require us to further expand our current facility, which could affect usadversely in ways that we cannot predict. The cost of raw materials could increase our cost of sales and cause our results ofoperations to suffer. Fluctuations in the price, availability, and quality of fabrics or other raw materials used to manufacture ourproducts, as well as the price for labor, marketing, and transportation, could have adverse impacts on our cost of sales and our ability to meet our customers<U+0092> demands. In particular, fluctuations in the price of cotton, our primary rawmaterial, could have an adverse impact on our cost of sales. In addition, because a key component of our products is petroleum-based, the cost of oil affects the cost of our products. Upward movement in the price of oil in the global oil marketswould also likely result in rising fuel and freight prices, which could increase our shipping costs. In the future, we may not be able to pass all or a portion of higher costs on to our customers. Our business is subject to the risks inherent in global sourcing and manufacturing activities. We source our fabrics primarily from manufacturers in China and South Korea and outsource the production of a significant majority of our products tocompanies in Asia. We are subject to the risks inherent in global sourcing and manufacturing, including, but not limited to:  <U+0095>  exchange rate fluctuations and trends;  <U+0095>  availability of raw materials;  <U+0095>  compliance with labor laws and other foreign governmental regulations;  <U+0095>  compliance with U.S. import and export laws and regulations;  <U+0095>  disruption or delays in shipments;  <U+0095>  loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites;  <U+0095>  product quality issues;  <U+0095>  political unrest; and  <U+0095>  natural disasters, acts of war and terrorism, changing macroeconomic trends, and other external factors over which we have no control. Significant disruption of manufacturing for any of the above reasons could interrupt product supply and, if not remedied ina timely manner, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Additionally, we do not have complete oversight over our contract manufacturers. Violation of labor or other laws by those manufacturers, or the divergence of a contractmanufacturer<U+0092>s labor or other practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the United States or in other markets in which we may in the future do business, could also draw negative publicity for us and our brand, diminishing the valueof our brand and reducing demand for our products.  20 Our ability to source our products at favorable prices, or at all, could be harmed, with adverseeffects on our results of operations, if new trade restrictions are imposed or if existing trade restrictions become more burdensome. A significant majority of our products are currently manufactured for us in Asia. The United States and the countries in which our products are producedhave imposed and may impose additional quotas, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions or regulations or may adversely adjust prevailing quotas, duties, or tariffs. Countries impose, modify, and remove tariffs and other trade restrictions in responseto a diverse array of factors, including global and national economic and political conditions, which make it impossible for us to predict future developments regarding tariffs and other trade restrictions. Trade restrictions, which includeembargoes, safeguards, and customs restrictions, could increase the cost or reduce the supply of products available to us or could require us to modify supply chain organization or other current business practices, any of which could harm ourresults of operations. We may be subject to unionization, work stoppages, slowdowns or increased labor costs, especially if theEmployee Free Choice Act is adopted. Currently, none of our employees is represented by a union. Nevertheless, our employees have theright at any time under the National Labor Relations Act to organize or affiliate with a union. If some or all of our workforce were to become unionized, our business would be exposed to work stoppages and slowdowns as a unionized business. If, inaddition, the terms of the collective bargaining agreement were significantly more favorable to union workers than our current pay-and-benefits arrangements, our costs would increase and our results of operations would suffer. Our results of operations are subject to quarterly fluctuations, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Our quarterly results of operations may fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, including, among other things:  <U+0095>  the timing of new store openings;  <U+0095>  net revenues and profits contributed by new stores;  <U+0095>  increases or decreases in comparable-store sales;  <U+0095>  shifts in the timing of holidays, particularly in the United States and China;  <U+0095>  changes in our merchandise mix;  <U+0095>  timing of sales to Indirect retailers; and  <U+0095>  the timing of new pattern releases and new product introductions. As a result of these quarterly fluctuations, we believe that comparisons of our sales and operating results between different quarters within a single fiscal year are not necessarily meaningful and thatthese comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of our future performance. Any quarterly fluctuations that we report in the future may not match the expectations of market analysts and investors. This could cause the trading price of ourcommon stock to fluctuate significantly. We rely on independent transportation providers for substantially all of our productshipments. We currently rely on independent transportation service providers for substantially all of our product shipments. Ourutilization of these delivery services, or those of any other shipping companies that we may elect to use, is subject to risks, including increases in fuel prices, which would increase our shipping costs, and employee strikes and inclement weather,which may impact the shipping company<U+0092>s ability to provide delivery services sufficient to meet our shipping needs.  21 If for any reason we were to change shipping companies, we could face logistical difficulties that mightadversely affect deliveries, and we would incur costs and expend resources in the course of making the change. Moreover, we might not be able to obtain terms as favorable as those received from the service providers that we currently use, which inturn would increase our costs. We also would face shipping and distribution risks and uncertainties associated with any expansion of our warehouse and distribution facility and related systems. We plan to use cash provided by operating activities to fund our expanding business and execute our growth strategies and may require additionalcapital, which may not be available to us. Our business relies on cash provided by operating activities as our primary source ofliquidity. To support our growing business and execute our growth strategies, we will need significant amounts of cash from that source, including funds to pay our lease obligations, build out new store space, purchase inventory, pay personnel,invest further in our infrastructure and facilities, and pay for the costs associated with operating as a public company. If our business does not generate cash flow from operating activities sufficient to fund these activities, and if sufficientfunds are not otherwise available to us from our existing revolving credit facility, we will need to seek additional capital, through debt or equity financings, to fund our growth. If new sources of financing are required, but are insufficient orunavailable, then we will be required to modify our growth and operating plans based on available funding, if any, which would inhibit our growth and could harm our business. We face various risks as an e-commerce retailer. Business risks relating toe-commerce sales include the need to keep pace with rapid technological change, internet security risks, risks of system failure or inadequacy, governmental regulation, and taxation. We have contracted with several different companies to maintainand operate various aspects of our e-commerce business and are reliant on them and their ability to perform their tasks, as well as their operational, privacy, and security procedures and controls as they affect our business. If the independentcontractors on which we rely fail to perform their tasks, we could incur liability or suffer damages to our reputation, or both. Ourcopyrights, trademarks and other proprietary rights could conflict with the rights of others, and we may be inhibited from selling some of our products. If we are unable to protect our copyrights and other proprietary rights, others may sellimitation brand products. We believe that our registered copyrights, registered and common law trademarks, and other proprietaryrights have significant value and are critical to our ability to create and sustain demand for our products. Although we have not been inhibited from selling our products in connection with intellectual property disputes, we cannot assure you thatobstacles will not arise as we expand our product line and extend our brand as well as the geographic scope of our sales and marketing. We also cannot assure you that the actions taken by us to establish and protect our proprietary rights will beadequate to prevent imitation of our products or infringement of our rights by others. The legal regimes of some foreign countries, particularly China, may not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and itmay be more difficult for us to successfully challenge the use of our proprietary rights by others in these countries. The loss of copyrights, trademarks, and other proprietary rights could adversely impact our results of operations. Any litigationregarding our proprietary rights could be time consuming and costly. Prior to the completion of the Reorganization, we were treated asan <U+0093>S<U+0094> Corporation under Subchapter S of the Internal Revenue Code, and claims of taxing authorities related to our prior status as an <U+0093>S<U+0094> Corporation could harm us. Upon the completion of the Reorganization in fiscal 2011, our <U+0093>S<U+0094> Corporation status terminated automatically and we became subject to increasedfederal and state income taxes. If the unaudited, open tax years in which we were an <U+0093>S<U+0094> Corporation are audited by the Internal Revenue Service, and we are determined not to have qualified for, or to have violated, our <U+0093>S<U+0094>Corporation status, we will be obligated to pay back taxes, interest, and  22 penalties, and we do not have the right to reclaim tax distributions we have made to our shareholders during those periods. These amounts could include taxes on all of our taxable income while wewere an <U+0093>S<U+0094> Corporation. Any such claims could result in additional costs to us and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rate may result in volatility of our operating results and stock price. We are subject to income taxes in many U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. We record tax expense based on our estimates of future payments, which includes reserves for uncertain tax positions inmultiple tax jurisdictions. At any one time, many tax years are subject to audit by various taxing jurisdictions. Further, possible changes in federal, state, local, and non-U.S. tax laws bearing upon our revenues, income, property, or other aspectsof our operations or business would, if enacted, affect our results of operations in ways and to a degree that we cannot currently predict. Additional indebtedness incurred in connection with the Reorganization may decrease business flexibility and increase borrowing costs. On October 4, 2010, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement that increased our available credit from $75 millionto $125 million. Also in October 2010, in connection with the Reorganization, we increased the outstanding borrowings under our amended and restated credit agreement to fund a final <U+0093>S<U+0094> Corporation distribution to our then-shareholders. Asof January 28, 2012, we had outstanding borrowings of $25.0 million under our amended and restated credit agreement, compared to $66.8 million outstanding under our former credit facility as of January 29, 2011. Our indebtedness could havethe effect, among other things, of:  <U+0095>  reducing the availability of cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes;  <U+0095>  increasing our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions;  <U+0095>  limiting our ability to adapt to changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and  <U+0095>  placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to companies that have less debt. Our Indirect business could suffer as a result of bankruptcies or operational or financial difficulties of our Indirect retailers. We do not enter into long-term agreements with any of our Indirect retailers. Instead, we enter into a number of purchase ordercommitments with our customers for each of our lines every season. A decision by a significant number of Indirect retailers, whether motivated by competitive conditions, operational or financial difficulties, reduced access to capital, or otherwise,to decrease or eliminate the amount of merchandise purchased from us or to change their manner of doing business with us could adversely impact our results of operations. Although we recommend retail sale prices for our products to our Indirectretailers, we do not provide dealer allowances or other economic incentives to support those prices. Possible promotional pricing or discounting by Indirect retailers in response to softening retail demand could have a negative effect on our brandimage and prestige, which might be difficult to counteract as the economy improves. We sell our Indirect merchandise primarily to specialtyretail stores across the United States and extend trade credit based on an evaluation of each Indirect retailer<U+0092>s financial condition, usually without requiring collateral. Perceived financial difficulties of a customer could cause us tocurtail or eliminate business with that customer. Pending the resolution of a relationship with a financially troubled Indirect retailer, we might assume credit risk that we would otherwise avoid relating to our receivables from that customer.Inability to collect on accounts receivable from our Indirect retailers would adversely impact our results of operations.  23 There are claims made against us from time to time that can result in litigation or regulatoryproceedings, which could distract management from our business activities and result in significant liability or damage to our brand image. As a growing company with expanding operations, we increasingly face the risk of litigation and other claims against us. Litigation and other claims may arise in the ordinary course of our business andinclude employee claims, custom and duty claims, commercial disputes, intellectual property issues, product-oriented allegations, and slip and fall claims. Often these cases raise complex factual and legal issues, which are subject to risks anduncertainties and which could require significant management time. Litigation and other claims against us could result in unexpected expenses and liability, as well as materially adversely affect our operations and our reputation. Risks Related to the Securities Markets and Ownership of Our Common Stock Our stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you may not be able to resell shares at or above the price at which you purchase them. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, most of which we cannot control, including:  <U+0095>  actions by other shopping mall or lifestyle center tenants;  <U+0095>  weather conditions, particularly during the holiday shopping period;  <U+0095>  the financial projections that we may choose to provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure for any reason to meet theseprojections;  <U+0095>  the public<U+0092>s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or others, including our filings with the SEC and announcementsrelating to litigation;  <U+0095>  the speculation about our business in the press or the investment community;  <U+0095>  future sales of our common stock by our significant shareholders, officers and directors;  <U+0095>  our entry into new markets;  <U+0095>  strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; and  <U+0095>  changes in accounting principles. These and other factors may result in a lower market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. As a result, our common stock may trade at prices significantly below theoffering price. In addition, the stock markets, including The Nasdaq Global Select Market, have experienced extreme price and volumefluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many retail companies. In the past, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we wereinvolved in securities litigation, we could incur substantial costs and our resources and the attention of management could be diverted from our business. Because a limited number of shareholders control a large percentage of the voting power of our common stock, investors may have limited ability to determine the outcome of shareholder votes. Barbara Bradley Baekgaard, Patricia R. Miller and P. Michael Miller, directly or indirectly, beneficially own and have the ability toexercise voting control over, in the aggregate, 39.7% of our outstanding shares of common stock. As a result, these shareholders are able to exercise significant influence over all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election ofdirectors, any amendments to our second amended and restated articles of incorporation and significant corporate transactions. This concentrated ownership of outstanding  24 common stock may limit your ability to influence corporate matters, and the interests of these shareholders may not coincide with our interests or your interests. As a result, we may take actionsthat you do not believe to be in our interests or your interests and that could depress our stock price. In addition, this significant concentration of stock ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock should investorsperceive disadvantages in owning shares of common stock in a company that has such concentrated ownership. Our actual operating resultsmay differ significantly from our guidance. From time to time, we release guidance regarding our future performance that representsour management<U+0092>s estimates as of the date of release. This guidance, which consists of forward-looking statements, is prepared by our management and is qualified by, and subject to, the assumptions and the other information contained orreferred to in the release. Our guidance is not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and neither our independent registered public accounting firm nor any otherindependent expert or outside party compiles or examines the guidance and, accordingly, no such person expresses any opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. Guidance is based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties andcontingencies, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. We generally state possible outcomes as high and low ranges which are intended toprovide a sensitivity analysis as variables are changed, but are not intended to represent that actual results could not fall outside of the suggested ranges. The principal reason that we release these data is to provide a basis for our managementto discuss our business outlook with analysts and investors. We do not accept any responsibility for any projections or reports published by any such persons. Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions of the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actualresults. Accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. Actual results will vary from the guidance and the variations may be material. Investors should also recognize that thereliability of any forecasted financial data diminishes the farther in the future that the data are forecast. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged to put the guidance in context and not to place undue reliance on it. Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Indiana law may discourage or prevent a change in control, even if a sale of thecompany would be beneficial to our shareholders, which could cause our stock price to decline and prevent attempts by shareholders to replace or remove our current management. Our second amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may delay or prevent a change in control, discourage bids at a premium over the marketprice of our common stock, harm the market price of our common stock and diminish the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. These provisions include:  <U+0095>  dividing our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms;  <U+0095>  authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock and additional shares of our common stock without shareholder approval;  <U+0095>  prohibiting shareholder action by written consent  <U+0095>  prohibiting our shareholders from calling a special meeting of shareholders;  <U+0095>  prohibiting our shareholders from amending our amended and restated bylaws; and  <U+0095>  requiring advance notice for raising business matters or nominating directors at shareholders<U+0092> meetings.  25 As permitted by our second amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws,our board of directors also has the ability, should they so determine, to adopt a shareholder rights agreement, sometimes called a <U+0093>poison pill,<U+0094> providing for the issuance of a new series of preferred stock to holders of common stock. Inthe event of a takeover attempt, this preferred stock would give rights to holders of common stock (other than the potential acquirer) to buy additional shares of common stock at a discount, leading to the dilution of the potential acquirer<U+0092>sstake. The adoption of a poison pill, or the board<U+0092>s ability to do so, can have negative effects such as those described above. As an Indiana corporation, we are governed by the Indiana Business Corporation Law (as amended from time to time, the <U+0093>IBCL<U+0094>). Under specified circumstances, certain provisions of the IBCLrelated to control share acquisitions, business combinations and constituent interests may delay, prevent or make more difficult unsolicited acquisitions or changes of control of us. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes inour management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that shareholders might deem to be in their best interest. Item 1B.\""
