[1] "[1] \"Item 1A. Risk Factors. If anyof the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, theseevents could have a material adverse effect on our business, financialcondition or results of operations.  Insuch case, the trading price of our common stock could decline.  Based on the information currently known tous, we believe that the following information identifies the most significantrisk factors affecting our company in each of these categories of risk.  However, the risks and uncertainties ourcompany faces are not limited to those described below.  Additional risks and uncertainties notpresently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may alsoadversely affect our business. Risks Relating to Our Business Our financial condition and results of operations may be adverselyaffected by market fluctuations and by economic and other factors Our financial condition andresults of operations may be materially affected by market fluctuations and byeconomic and other factors.  Many suchfactors of a global or localized nature include: political, economic and marketconditions; the availability and cost of capital; the level and volatility ofequity prices, commodity prices and interest rates; currency values and othermarket indices; technological changes and events; the availability and cost ofcredit; inflation; investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets;terrorism events and armed conflicts; and natural disasters such as weathercatastrophes and widespread health emergencies. Furthermore, changes in consumer economic variables, such as the numberand size of personal bankruptcy filings, the rate of unemployment, decreases inproperty values, and the level of consumer confidence and consumer debt, maysubstantially affect consumer loan levels and credit quality, which, in turn,could impact the results of our banking business.  These factors also may have an impact on ourability to achieve our strategic objectives. Certainof our insurance and annuity products and certain of our investment and bankingproducts are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations, and our future costsassociated with such variations may differ from our historical costs.  In addition, interest rate fluctuations couldresult in fluctuations in the valuation of certain minimum guaranteed benefitscontained in some of our variable annuity products. Duringperiods of increasing market interest rates, we must offer higher creditingrates on interest-sensitive products, such as fixed universal life insurance,fixed annuities, face-amount certificates and certificates of deposit, and wemust increase crediting rates on in-force products to keep these productscompetitive.  Because returns on investedassets may not increase as quickly as current interest rates, we may have toaccept a lower spread and thus lower profitability or face a decline in salesand greater loss of existing contracts and related assets.  In addition, increases in market interestrates may cause increased policy surrenders, withdrawals from life insurancepolicies, annuity contracts and certificates of deposit and requests for policyloans, as policyholders, contractholders and depositors seek to shift assets toproducts with perceived higher returns. This process may lead to an earlier than expected flow of cash out ofour business.  Also, increases in marketinterest rates may result in extension of certain cash flows from structuredmortgage assets.  These withdrawals andsurrenders may require investment assets to be sold at a time when the pricesof those assets are lower because of the increase in market interest rates,which may result in realized investment losses. Increases in crediting rates, as well as surrenders and withdrawals,could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results ofoperations.  An increase in surrendersand withdrawals also may require us to accelerate amortization of deferredacquisition costs or other intangibles or cause an impairment of goodwill,which would increase our expenses and reduce our net earnings. Duringperiods of falling interest rates, our <U+0093>spread,<U+0094> or the difference between thereturns we earn on the investments that support our obligations under theseproducts and the amounts that we must pay policyholders, contractholders anddepositors, may be reduced or could become negative, primarily because some ofthese products have guaranteed minimum crediting rates. 32 Interestrate fluctuations also could have an adverse effect on the results of ourinvestment portfolio.  During periods ofdeclining market interest rates, the interest we receive on variable interestrate investments decreases.  In addition,during those periods, we are forced to reinvest the cash we receive as interestor return of principal on our investments in lower-yielding high-gradeinstruments or in lower-credit instruments to maintain comparable returns.  Issuers of certain callable fixed incomesecurities also may decide to prepay their obligations in order to borrow atlower market rates, which exacerbates the risk that we may have to invest thecash proceeds of these securities in lower-yielding or lower-creditinstruments. Significantdownturns and volatility in equity markets could have an adverse effect on ourfinancial condition and results of operations. Market downturns and volatility may cause potential new purchasers ofour products to refrain from purchasing products, such as mutual funds,variable annuities and variable universal life insurance, that have returnslinked to the performance of the equity markets.  Downturns may also cause current shareholdersin our mutual funds and contractholders in our annuity and protection productsto withdraw cash values from those products. Additionally,downturns and volatility in equity markets can have an adverse effect on therevenues and returns from our asset management services, wrap accounts, andvariable annuity contracts.  Because theprofitability of these products and services depends on fees related primarilyto the value of assets under management, declines in the equity markets willreduce our revenues because the value of the investment assets we manage willbe reduced.  In addition, some of ourvariable annuity products contain guaranteed minimum death benefits andguaranteed minimum income, withdrawal and accumulation benefits.  A significant equity market decline couldresult in guaranteed minimum benefits being higher than what current accountvalues would support, thus producing a loss as we pay the benefits, having anadverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  Although we have hedged a portion of theguarantees for the variable annuity contracts in order to mitigate thefinancial loss of an equity markets decline, there can be no assurance thatsuch a decline would not materially impact the profitability of certainproducts or product lines. Webelieve that investment performance is an important factor in the growth of ourAsset Accumulation and Income business. Poor investment performance could impair our revenues and earnings, aswell as our prospects for growth.  Asignificant portion of our revenue is derived from investment managementagreements with the RiverSource family of mutual funds that are terminable on60 days<U+0092> notice.  In addition,although some contracts governing investment management services are subject totermination for failure to meet performance benchmarks, institutional andindividual clients can generally terminate their relationships with us or ourfinancial advisors at will or on relatively short notice.  Our clients can also reduce the aggregateamount of managed assets or shift their funds to other types of accounts withdifferent rate structures, for any number of reasons, including investmentperformance, changes in prevailing interest rates, changes in investmentpreferences, changes in our (or our financial advisors<U+0092>) reputation in themarketplace, changes in client management or ownership, loss of key investmentmanagement personnel and financial market performance.  A reduction in managed assets, and theassociated decrease in revenues and earnings, could have a material adverseeffect on our business. Inaddition, during periods of unfavorable market or economic conditions, thelevel of individual investor participation in the global markets may alsodecrease, which would negatively impact the results of our retailbusinesses.  Fluctuations in globalmarket activity could impact the flow of investment capital into or from assetsunder management and the way customers allocate capital among money market,equity, fixed income or other investment alternatives, which could negativelyimpact our Asset Accumulation and Income business.  Also, during periods of unfavorable economicconditions, unemployment rates often increase, which can result in higher loandelinquency and default rates, and this can have a negative impact on ourbanking business. Defaults in ourfixed income securities portfolio or consumer credit products would adverselyaffect our earnings. Issuersof the fixed income securities that we own may default on principal andinterest payments.  As ofDecember 31, 2006, 7% of our available-for-sale fixed income investmentportfolio had ratings below investment-grade. Moreover, economic downturns and corporate malfeasance can increase thenumber of companies, including those with investment-grade ratings, thatdefault on their debt obligations.  As ofDecember 31, 2006, we had fixed income securities in or near default(where the issuer had missed payment of principal or interest or enteredbankruptcy) with a fair value of $37 million.  Default-related declines in the value of ourfixed income securities portfolio or consumer credit products could cause ournet earnings to decline and could also cause us to contribute capital to someof our regulated subsidiaries, which may require us to obtain funding duringperiods of unfavorable market conditions. Higher delinquency and default rates in our bank<U+0092>s loan portfolio couldrequire us to contribute capital to Ameriprise Bank and may result inadditional restrictions from our regulators that impact the use and access tothat capital. 33 If thecounterparties to our reinsurance arrangements or to the derivative instrumentswe use to hedge our business risks default, we may be exposed to risks we hadsought to mitigate, which could adversely affect our financial condition andresults of operations. We usereinsurance to mitigate our risks in various circumstances as described in Item1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K<U+0097> <U+0093>Our Solutions<U+0097>ProtectionSegment<U+0097>Reinsurance.<U+0094> Reinsurance does not relieve us of our direct liabilityto our policyholders, even when the reinsurer is liable to us.  Accordingly, we bear credit and performancerisk with respect to our reinsurers.  Areinsurer<U+0092>s insolvency or its inability or unwillingness to make payments underthe terms of our reinsurance agreement could have an adverse effect on ourfinancial condition and results of operations that could be material.  See Note 2 to our Consolidated FinancialStatements included in our 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders. Inaddition, we use a variety of derivative instruments to hedge several businessrisks.  If our counterparties fail tohonor their obligations under the derivative instruments, our hedges of therelated risk will be ineffective.  Thatfailure could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results ofoperations that could be material. Some of ourinvestments are relatively illiquid. Weinvest a portion of our owned assets in certain privately placed fixed incomesecurities, mortgage loans, policy loans, limited partnership interests,collateralized debt obligations and restricted investments held bysecuritization trusts, among others, all of which are relatively illiquid.  These asset classes represented 14% of thecarrying value of our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2006.  If we require significant amounts of cash onshort notice in excess of our normal cash requirements, we may have difficultyselling these investments in a timely manner, or be forced to sell them for anamount less than we would otherwise have been able to realize, or both, whichcould have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results ofoperations. Intense competitionand the economics of changes in our product revenue mix and distributionchannels could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our marketshare and profitability. Ourbusinesses operate in intensely competitive industry segments.  We compete based on a number of factorsincluding name recognition, service, the quality of investment advice,investment performance, product features, price, perceived financial strength,and claims-paying and credit ratings. Our competitors include broker-dealers, banks, asset managers, insurersand other financial institutions.  Manyof our businesses face competitors that have greater market share, offer abroader range of products, have greater financial resources, or have higherclaims-paying or credit ratings than we do. In addition, over time certain sectors of the financial servicesindustry have become considerably more concentrated, as financial institutionsinvolved in a broad range of financial services have been acquired by or mergedinto other firms.  This convergence couldresult in our competitors gaining greater resources and we may experience pressureson our pricing and market share as a result of these factors and as some of ourcompetitors seek to increase market share by reducing prices. Currently,our branded advisor network distributes annuity and protection products issuedalmost exclusively by our RiverSource Life companies.  If our branded advisor network further openedor expanded its distribution of annuity and protection products of othercompanies, we could experience lower sales of our companies<U+0092> products or otherdevelopments which could have a material adverse effect on our financialcondition and results of operations. A drop in investment performance as compared to our competitors couldnegatively impact our ability to increase profitability. Salesof our own mutual funds by our affiliated financial advisor network haverecently improved as a percentage of our total mutual fund sales.  We attribute this success to improvedinvestment performance and marketing efforts. A decline in the level of investment performance as compared to ourcompetitors could cause a decline in market share and a commensurate drop inprofits as sales of other companies<U+0092> mutual funds are less profitable thanthose from our own mutual funds.  Adecline in investment performance could also adversely affect the realizationof benefits from investments in our strategy to expand alternative distributionchannels for our own products, including third-party distribution of our mutualfunds. We face intensecompetition in attracting and retaining key talent. We aredependent on our network of branded advisors for a significant portion of thesales of our mutual funds, annuities, face-amount certificates, banking andinsurance products.  In addition, ourcontinued success depends to a substantial degree on our ability to attract andretain qualified personnel to conduct our fund management and investmentadvisory businesses, as well as senior management.  The market for financial advisors, registeredrepresentatives, management talent, qualified legal and compliance professionals,fund managers, and investment analysts is extremely 34 competitive andhas grown more so in recent periods due to industry growth.  If we are unable to attract and retainqualified individuals or our recruiting and retention costs increasesignificantly, our financial condition and results of operations could bematerially adversely affected. Our businesses areheavily regulated, and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability,limit our growth, or impact our ability to pay dividends or achieve targetedreturn-on-equity levels. Weoperate in highly regulated industries, and are required to obtain and maintainlicenses for many of the businesses we operate in addition to being subject toregulatory oversight.  Securitiesregulators have significantly increased the level of regulation in recent yearsand have several outstanding proposals for additional regulation.  Significant discussion and activity byregulators concerns the sale of financial products and services to personsplanning for retirement, as well as to older investors.  In addition, we are subject to heightenedregulatory requirements relating to privacy and the protection of customerdata.  These regulations, as well aspossible legislative or regulatory changes, may constrain our ability to marketour products and services to our target demographic and potential customers,and could negatively affect our profitability and make it more difficult for usto pursue our growth strategy. Ourinsurance companies are subject to state regulation, so must comply withstatutory reserve and capital requirements. State regulators are continually reviewing and updating theserequirements.  Moreover, our lifeinsurance companies are subject to capital requirements for variable annuitycontracts with guaranteed death or living benefits.  These requirements may have an impact onfuture statutory reserves and regulatory capital in the event equity marketvalues fall in the future.  Moreover,there is active discussion at the NAIC of moving to a principles-basedreserving system.  This could changestatutory reserve requirements significantly, and it is not possible toestimate the impact at this time. Further, we cannot predict the effect that proposed federal legislation,such as the option of federally chartered insurers, may have on our insurancebusinesses or their competitors. Compliancewith applicable laws and regulations is time consuming andpersonnel-intensive.  Changes in theselaws and regulations may increase materially our direct and indirect complianceand other expenses of doing business. Our financial advisors may decide that the direct cost of compliance andthe indirect cost of time spent on compliance matters outweigh the benefits ofa career as a financial advisor, which could lead to financial advisorattrition.  The costs of the compliancerequirements we face, and the constraints they impose on our operations, couldhave a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results ofoperations. Inaddition, we may be required to reduce our fee levels, or restructure the feeswe charge, as a result of regulatory initiatives or proceedings that are eitherindustry-wide or specifically targeted at our company.  Reductions or other changes in the fees thatwe charge for our products and services could reduce our revenues andearnings.  Moreover, in the years endedDecember 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, we received $1.3 billion,$1.2 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, in distribution fees.  A significant portion of these revenues waspaid to us by our own RiverSource family of mutual funds in accordance withplans and agreements of distribution adopted under Rule 12b-1 promulgatedunder the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or Rule 12b-1.  We believe that these fees are a criticalelement in the distribution of our own mutual funds.  However, an industry-wide reduction orrestructuring of Rule 12b-1 fees could have a material adverse effect onour ability to distribute our own mutual funds and the fees we receive fordistributing other companies<U+0092> mutual funds, which could, in turn, have anadverse effect on our revenues and earnings. Consumerlending activities at our bank are subject to applicable laws as well asregulation by various regulatory bodies. Changes in laws or regulation could affect our bank<U+0092>s ability to conductbusiness.  These changes could includebut are not limited to our bank<U+0092>s ability to market and sell products, feepricing or interest rates that can be charged on loans outstanding, changes incommunicating with customers that affect payments, statements and collectionsof loans, and changes in accounting for the consumer lending business. For afurther discussion of the regulatory framework in which we operate, see Item 1of this Annual Report on Form 10-K<U+0097> <U+0093>Regulation.<U+0094> A failure to appropriately dealwith conflicts of interest could adversely affect our businesses. Ourreputation is one of our most important assets. As we have expanded the scope of our businesses and our client base, weincreasingly have to address potential conflicts of interest, including thoserelating to our proprietary activities and those relating to our sales ofnon-proprietary products from manufacturers that have agreed to provide usmarketing, sales, and account maintenance support.  For example, conflicts may arise between ourposition as a provider of financial planning products and a manufacturer and/ordistributor or broker of asset accumulation, income or insurance products thatone of our affiliated financial advisors may recommend to a financial planningclient.  We have procedures and controlsthat are designed to address conflicts of interest.  However, appropriately dealing with conflictsof interest is complex and our 35 reputation couldbe damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to deal appropriately with conflictsof interest.  In addition, the SEC andother federal and state regulators have increased their scrutiny of potentialconflicts of interest.  It is possiblethat potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to litigation orenforcement actions.  It is possible alsothat the regulatory scrutiny of, and litigation in connection with, conflictsof interest will make our clients less willing to enter into transactions inwhich such a conflict may occur, and will adversely affect our businesses. Misconduct by ouremployees and affiliated financial advisors is difficult to detect and deterand could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. Misconductby our employees and affiliated financial advisors could result in violationsof law by us, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational or financialharm.  Misconduct can occur in each ofour businesses and could include: ·  ·  ·  ·  ·  ·  ·  Wecannot always deter misconduct by our employees and affiliated financialadvisors, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity maynot be effective in all cases. Prevention and detection among our branded franchisee advisors and ourunbranded affiliated financial advisors, who are not employees of our companyand tend to be located in small, decentralized offices, present additionalchallenges.  We also cannot assure thatmisconduct by our employees and affiliated financial advisors will not lead toa material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financialcondition. Legal andregulatory actions are inherent in our businesses and could result in financiallosses or harm our businesses. Weare, and in the future may be, subject to legal and regulatory actions in theordinary course of our operations, both domestically and internationally.  Various regulatory and governmental bodieshave the authority to review our products and business practices and those ofour employees and independent financial advisors and to bring regulatory orother legal actions against us if, in their view, our practices, or those ofour employees or affiliated financial advisors, are improper.  Pending legal and regulatory actions includeproceedings relating to aspects of our businesses and operations that arespecific to us and proceedings that are typical of the industries and businessesin which we operate.  Some of theseproceedings have been brought on behalf of various alleged classes ofcomplainants.  In certain of thesematters, the plaintiffs are seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts,including punitive or exemplary damages. See Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K<U+0097> <U+0093>Legal Proceedings.<U+0094>Substantial legal liability in these or future legal or regulatory actionscould have a material adverse financial effect or cause significantreputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. A downgrade or apotential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could adverselyaffect our financial condition and results of operations. Financialstrength ratings, which various ratings organizations publish as a measure ofan insurance company<U+0092>s ability to meet contractholder and policyholderobligations, are important to maintaining public confidence in our products,the ability to market our products and our competitive position.  Any downgrade in our financial strengthratings, or the announced potential for a downgrade, could have a significantadverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations in manyways, including: ·  ·  36 ·  ·  ·  Adowngrade in our credit ratings could also adversely impact our future cost andspeed of borrowing and have an adverse effect on our financial condition,results of operations and liquidity. If our reserves forfuture policy benefits and claims, or for our bank lending portfolio, areinadequate, we may be required to increase our reserve liabilities, which couldadversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Weestablish reserves as estimates of our liabilities to provide for futureobligations under our insurance policies, annuities and investment certificatecontracts.  We also establish reserves asestimates of the potential for loan losses in our consumer lendingportfolios.  Reserves do not represent anexact calculation, but rather are estimates of contract benefits or loan lossesand related expenses we expect to incur over time.  The assumptions and estimates we make inestablishing reserves require certain judgments about future experience and,therefore, are inherently uncertain.  Wemonitor our reserve levels continually.  If we were to conclude that our reserves areinsufficient to cover actual or expected contract benefits or loan collections,we would be required to increase our reserves and potentially incur incomestatement charges for the period in which we make the determination, whichcould adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  For more information on how we set ourreserves, see Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included inour 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders. Morbidity rates ormortality rates that differ significantly from our pricing expectations couldnegatively affect profitability. We setprices for RiverSource life insurance, disability income insurance and someannuity products based upon expected claim payment patterns, derived fromassumptions we make about the morbidity rates, or likelihood of sickness, andmortality rates, or likelihood of death, of our policyholders andcontractholders.  The long-termprofitability of these products depends upon how our actual experience compareswith our pricing assumptions.  Forexample, if morbidity rates are higher, or mortality rates are lower, than ourpricing assumptions, we could be required to make greater payments under disabilityincome insurance policies and immediate annuity contracts than we hadprojected.  The same holds true for longterm care policies we previously underwrote to the extent of the risks that wehave retained.  If mortality rates arehigher than our pricing assumptions, we could be required to make greaterpayments under our life insurance policies and annuity contracts withguaranteed minimum death benefits than we had projected. Therisk that our claims experience may differ significantly from our pricingassumptions is particularly significant for our long term care insuranceproducts notwithstanding our ability to implement future price increases.  As with life insurance, long term careinsurance policies provide for long-duration coverage and, therefore, ouractual claims experience will emerge over many years.  However, as a relatively new product in themarket, long term care insurance does not have the extensive claims experiencehistory of life insurance, and, as a result, our ability to forecast futureclaim rates for long term care insurance is more limited than for lifeinsurance.  We have sought to moderatethese uncertainties to some extent by partially reinsuring long-term carepolicies we previously underwrote and by limiting our present long term careinsurance offerings to policies underwritten fully by an unaffiliated thirdparty, and we have also implemented rate increases on certain in-force policiesas described in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K<U+0097> <U+0093>OurSolutions<U+0097>Protection Segment<U+0097>RiverSource Life<U+0097>Long Term Care Insurance<U+0094>.  There can be no assurance that we will not berequired to implement additional rate increases in the future or that we willreceive regulatory approval to the full extent and timing of any rate increasesthat we may seek. We may face lossesif there are significant deviations from our assumptions regarding the futurepersistency of our insurance policies and annuity contracts. Theprices and expected future profitability of our life insurance and deferredannuity products are based in part upon assumptions related topersistency, which is the probability that a policy or contract will remain inforce from one period to the next.  Theeffect of persistency on profitability varies for different products.  For most of our life insurance and deferredannuity products, actual persistency that is lower than our persistencyassumptions could have an adverse impact on profitability, especially in theearly years of a policy or contract, primarily because we would be required toaccelerate the amortization of expenses we deferred in connection with theacquisition of the policy or contract. 37 Forour long term care insurance, actual persistency that is higher than ourpersistency assumptions could have a negative impact on profitability.  If these policies remain in force longer thanwe assumed, then we could be required to make greater benefit payments than wehad anticipated when we priced or partially reinsured these products.  Some of our long term care insurance policieshave experienced higher persistency and poorer loss experience than we hadassumed, which led us to increase premium rates on certain of these policies. Becauseour assumptions regarding persistency experience are inherently uncertain,reserves for future policy benefits and claims may prove to be inadequate ifactual persistency experience is different from those assumptions.   Although some of our products permit us toincrease premiums during the life of the policy or contract, we cannotguarantee that these increases would be sufficient to maintainprofitability.  Additionally, some ofthese pricing changes require regulatory approval, which may not beforthcoming.  Moreover, many of ourproducts do not permit us to increase premiums or limit those increases duringthe life of the policy or contract, while premiums on certain other products(primarily long term care insurance) may not be increased without priorregulatory approval.  Significantdeviations in experience from pricing expectations regarding persistency couldhave an adverse effect on the profitability of our products. We may be requiredto accelerate the amortization of deferred acquisition costs, which wouldincrease our expenses and reduce profitability. Deferredacquisition costs (<U+0093>DAC<U+0094>) represent the costs of acquiring new business,principally direct sales commissions and other distribution and underwritingcosts that have been deferred on the sale of annuity, life and disabilityincome insurance and, to a lesser extent, marketing and promotional expensesfor personal auto and home insurance, and distribution expense for certainmutual fund products.  For annuity anduniversal life products, DAC are amortized based on projections of estimatedgross profits over amortization periods equal to the approximate life of thebusiness.  For other insurance products,DAC are generally amortized as a percentage of premiums over amortizationperiods equal to the premium-paying period. For certain mutual fund products, we generally amortize DAC over fixedperiods on a straight-line basis. Ourprojections underlying the amortization of DAC require the use of certainassumptions, including interest margins, mortality rates, persistency rates,maintenance expense levels and customer asset value growth rates for variableproducts.  We periodically review and,where appropriate, adjust our assumptions. When we change our assumptions, we may be required to accelerate theamortization of DAC or to record a charge to increase benefit reserves. As ofDecember 31, 2006 and 2005, we had $4.5 billion and$4.2 billion, respectively, of DAC and we amortized $472 million and$431 million, respectively, of DAC as a current-period expense for theyears ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.  For more information regarding DAC, see theinformation contained in our 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders under thecaptions <U+0093>Management<U+0092>s Discussion and Analysis<U+0097>Critical AccountingPolicies<U+0097>Deferred Acquisition Costs<U+0094> and <U+0093><U+0097>Recent Accounting Pronouncements.<U+0094> Risk managementpolicies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating risk exposurein all market environments or against all types of risk, including employee andfinancial advisor misconduct. Wehave devoted significant resources toward developing our risk managementpolicies and procedures and will continue to do so in the future.  Nonetheless, our policies and procedures toidentify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective in mitigating ourrisk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk.  Many of our methods of managing risk andexposures are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior orstatistics based on historical models. As a result, these methods may not accurately predict future exposures,which could be significantly greater than what our models indicate.  Other risk management methods depend upon theevaluation of information regarding markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence orother matters that is publicly available or otherwise accessible to us, whichmay not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated.  Moreover, we are subject to the risks of misconduct by ouremployees and financial advisors <U+0097> such as fraud, non-compliance with policies,recommending transactions that are not suitable, and improperly using or disclosingconfidential information <U+0097> which is difficult to detect in advance and deter,and could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition.  Management of operational, legal andregulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures torecord properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and thesepolicies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our riskexposure in all market environments or against all types of risk.  Insurance and other traditional risk-shiftingtools may be held by or available to us in order to manage certain exposures,but they are subject to terms such as deductibles, coinsurance, limits andpolicy exclusions, as well as risk of counterparty denial of coverage, defaultor insolvency. 38 As a holdingcompany, we depend on the ability of our subsidiaries to transfer funds to usto pay dividends and to meet our obligations. We actas a holding company for our insurance and other subsidiaries.  Dividends from our subsidiaries and permittedpayments to us under our intercompany arrangements with our subsidiaries areour principal sources of cash to pay shareholder dividends and to meet ourother financial obligations.  Theseobligations include our operating expenses and interest and principal on ourborrowings and also include amounts we must pay under the tax allocationagreement and transition services agreement we entered into with AmericanExpress.  If the cash we receive from oursubsidiaries pursuant to dividend payment and intercompany arrangements isinsufficient for us to fund any of these obligations, we may be required toraise cash through the incurrence of additional debt, the issuance ofadditional equity or the sale of assets. If any of this happens, it could adversely affect our financialcondition and results of operations. Insurance,banking and securities laws and regulations regulate the ability of many of oursubsidiaries (such as our insurance, banking and brokerage subsidiaries and ourface-amount certificate company) to pay dividends or make otherdistributions.  See Item 1 of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K<U+0097> <U+0093>Our Solutions<U+0097>Protection Segment<U+0097>Risk-Based Capital<U+0094>and <U+0093>Regulation<U+0094> as well as the information contained in our 2006 Annual Reportto Shareholders under the heading <U+0093>Management<U+0092>s Discussion and Analysis <U+0097>Liquidity and Capital Resources.<U+0094>  Inaddition to the various regulatory restrictions that constrain our subsidiaries<U+0092>ability to pay dividends to our company, the rating agencies impose variouscapital requirements on our company and our insurance company subsidiaries inorder for us to maintain our ratings and the ratings of our insurancesubsidiaries, which also constrains our and their ability to pay dividends. Changes in U.S.federal income or estate tax law could make some of our products lessattractive to clients. Manyof the products we issue or on which our businesses are based (including bothinsurance products and non-insurance products) enjoy favorable treatment undercurrent U.S. federal income or estate tax law. Changes in U.S. federal income or estate tax law could thus make some ofour products less attractive to clients. We are subject to taxcontingencies that could adversely affect our provision for income taxes. We aresubject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states and municipalities andthose of the foreign jurisdictions in which we have significant businessoperations.  These tax laws are complexand subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevantgovernmental taxing authorities.  We mustmake judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherentlycomplex tax laws when determining the provision for income taxes and must alsomake estimates about when in the future certain items affect taxable income inthe various tax jurisdictions.  Disputesover interpretations of the tax laws may be settled with the taxing authorityupon examination or audit. RisksRelating to Our Common Stock The market price ofour shares may fluctuate. Themarket price of our common stock may fluctuate widely, depending upon manyfactors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: ·  ·  ·  ·  ·  Stockmarkets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated tothe operating performance of a particular company.  These broad market fluctuations may adverselyaffect the trading price of our common stock. Provisions in ourcertificate of incorporation and bylaws and of Delaware law may prevent ordelay an acquisition of our company, which could decrease the market value ofour common stock. Ourcertificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law contain provisionsthat are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bidsby making them unacceptably expensive to the raider and to encourage 39 prospectiveacquirors to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt ahostile takeover.  These provisionsinclude, among others: ·  ·  ·  ·  ·  Delaware law alsoimposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between usand any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock. Webelieve these provisions protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwiseunfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate with ourboard of directors and by providing our board of directors with more time toassess any acquisition proposal, and are not intended to make our companyimmune from takeovers.  However, theseprovisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholdersand could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directorsdetermines is not in the best interests of our company and our shareholders. RisksRelating to Our Separation from American Express We will only havethe right to use the <U+0093>American Express<U+0094> brand name and logo in a limitedcapacity. Inconnection with the separation from American Express, we changed our corporatename to <U+0093>Ameriprise Financial, Inc.<U+0094> and are operating under two new brandnames.  We and our subsidiaries may usethe <U+0093>American Express<U+0094> brand name and logo in a limited capacity in conjunctionwith our brand names and logos until September 30, 2007 pursuant to ourmarketing and branding agreement with American Express.  For more information regarding these arrangements,see Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K<U+0097> <U+0093>Our Relationship withAmerican Express.<U+0094>  When our right to usethe <U+0093>American Express<U+0094> brand name and logo expires, we will not be able tomaintain or enjoy the name recognition associated with that brand. We have experiencedincreased costs in connection with the separation from American Express and asan independent company. We arein the process of developing certain independent facilities, systems,infrastructure and personnel to replace services previously provided byAmerican Express.  We have also madesignificant investments to develop our new brand and establish our ability tooperate without access to American Express<U+0092>s operational and administrativeinfrastructure.  These initiatives havebeen costly to implement.  We haveincurred $654 million in total pretax non-recurring separation coststhrough December 31, 2006 and we expect to incur an additional$221 million in separation costs. Due to the scope and complexity of the underlying projects, the amountof total costs could be materially higher and the timing of incurrence of thesecosts is subject to change. Althoughwe have established many of our own independent systems and operations, wecontinue to pay American Express to perform certain important corporatefunctions for our operations, including information technology support,procurement and other services.  Theamounts we pay for this transitional support are arm<U+0092>s length rates generallybased on American Express<U+0092>s direct and indirect costs.  For more information regarding the transitionarrangements, see Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K <U+0097> <U+0093>OurRelationship with American Express.<U+0094> Although we implemented many independent functions, if we are not ableto complete the establishment of these functions, or obtain them from thirdparties, we may not be able to operate our business effectively or atcomparable costs, and our profitability may decline. As astand-alone company, we do not have the same purchasing power we had throughAmerican Express and, in some cases, we may not have as favorable terms orprices as those obtained prior to the separation from American Express, whichcould decrease our overall profitability. 40 As we build ourinformation technology infrastructure and transition our data to our ownsystems, we could experience temporary business interruptions and incursubstantial additional costs. We arein the process of installing and implementing the information technologyinfrastructure to support our business functions, including customer serviceand distribution.  We may incur temporaryinterruptions in business operations if we cannot transition effectively fromAmerican Express<U+0092>s existing technology infrastructure (which covers hardware,applications, network, telephony, databases, backup and recovery solutions), aswell as the people and processes that support them.  We may not be successful in implementing ournew technology infrastructure and transitioning our data, and we may incurhigher costs for implementation than currently anticipated.  Our failure to avoid operationalinterruptions as we implement the new infrastructure and transition our data,or our failure to implement the new infrastructure and transition our datasuccessfully, could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect onour profitability.  In addition,technology service failures could have adverse regulatory consequences for ourbusiness and make us vulnerable to our competitors. Wecontinue to rely on American Express<U+0092>s disaster recovery capabilities aspart of our business continuity processes. We will only have the right to use American Express<U+0092>s disaster recoveryresources until September 30, 2007. We are developing and implementing our own disaster recoveryinfrastructure and developing business continuity for our operations, which weanticipate will involve significant costs. We may not be successful in developing stand-alone disaster recoverycapabilities and business continuity processes, and may incur higher costs forimplementation than currently anticipated. Our failure to avoid operational interruptions as we implement newbusiness continuity processes, or our failure to implement the new processessuccessfully, could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect onour profitability in the event of a significant business disruption. We agreed tocertain restrictions to preserve the treatment of the Distribution as tax freeto American Express and its shareholders, which reduces our strategic andoperating flexibility. Inconnection with the Internal Revenue Service ruling and opinion confirming thetax free status of the Distribution, we made certain representations andundertakings.  In addition, current taxlaw generally creates a presumption that the Distribution would be taxable toAmerican Express, but not to its shareholders, if we or our shareholders wereto engage in a transaction that would result in a 50% or greater change by voteor by value in our stock ownership during the four-year period beginning on thedate that begins two years before the Distribution date, unless it isestablished that the Distribution and the transaction are not part of aplan or series of related transactions to effect such a change inownership.  In the case of such a 50% orgreater change in our stock ownership, tax imposed on American Express inrespect of the Distribution would be based on the fair market value of ourstock on the Distribution date over American Express<U+0092>s tax basis in our stock. Underour tax allocation agreement with American Express, we are generallyprohibited, before October 1, 2007, except in certain circumstances, from(i) consenting to certain acquisitions of significant amounts of ourstock; (ii) transferring significant amounts of our assets;(iii) failing to maintain certain components of our business as an activebusiness; or (iv) engaging in certain other actions or transactions thatcould jeopardize the tax free status of the Distribution.  In addition, we are generally prohibited fromconsenting to certain acquisitions of significant amounts of our stock orassets, or from participating in certain other corporate transactions, unlessthe other parties to the transaction agree to be jointly and severally liablewith us in respect of our indemnification obligation to American Express underthe tax allocation agreement (described below in the succeeding risk factor). We agreed toindemnify American Express and its shareholders for taxes and related lossesresulting from certain actions that cause the Distribution to fail to qualifyas a tax free transaction. Underthe tax allocation agreement, we agreed to indemnify American Express and itsshareholders for taxes and related losses they suffer as a result of theDistribution failing to qualify as a tax free transaction, if the taxes andrelated losses are attributable to (i) direct or indirect acquisitions ofour stock or assets (regardless of whether we consent to such acquisitions);(ii) negotiations, understandings, agreements, or arrangements in respectof such acquisitions; or (iii) our failure to comply with certainrepresentations and undertakings from us, including the restrictions describedin the preceding risk factor.  See Item 1of this Annual Report on Form 10-K<U+0097> <U+0093>Our Relationship with AmericanExpress.<U+0094>  Our indemnity will cover bothcorporate level taxes and related losses imposed on American Express in theevent of a 50% or greater change in our stock ownership described in thepreceding risk factor, as well as taxes and related losses imposed on bothAmerican Express and its shareholders if, due to our representations orundertakings being incorrect or violated, the Distribution is determined to betaxable for other reasons. Wecurrently estimate that the indemnification obligation to American Express fortaxes due in the event of a 50% or greater change in our stock ownership couldexceed $1.5 billion.  This estimate,which does not take into account related 41 losses such asinterest, penalties, and other additions to tax, depends upon several factorsthat are beyond our control.  As aconsequence, the indemnity to American Express could vary substantially fromthe estimate.  Furthermore, the estimatedoes not address the potential indemnification obligation to both AmericanExpress and its shareholders in the event that, due to our representations orundertakings being incorrect or violated, the Distribution is determined to betaxable for other reasons.  In thatevent, the total indemnification obligation would likely be much greater. Our separation fromAmerican Express could increase our U.S. federal income tax costs. Due tothe separation from American Express, our life insurance subsidiaries will notbe able to file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with the othermembers of our affiliated group for five tax years following theDistribution.  As a consequence, duringthis period, net operating and capital losses, credits, and other taxattributes generated by one group will not be available to offset income earnedor taxes owed by the other group for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  As a result of these and otherinefficiencies, the aggregate amount of U.S. federal income tax that we pay mayincrease and we may in addition not be able to fully realize certain of ourdeferred tax assets. The continuedownership of American Express common stock and options by our executiveofficers may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest. Becauseof their former positions with American Express, substantially all of ourexecutive officers, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and ourChief Financial Officer, own American Express common stock and options topurchase American Express common stock. Although these holdings in the aggregate are insubstantial in relationto American Express, the individual holdings of American Express stock andoptions to purchase that stock that remain after the Distribution may besignificant for some of these persons compared to that person<U+0092>s totalassets.  Even though our board ofdirectors consists of a majority of directors who are independent from bothAmerican Express and our company and our executive officers who were formallyemployees of American Express have ceased to be employees of American Expressfollowing the Distribution, ownership of American Express common stock andoptions to purchase American Express stock by our officers after theDistribution may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interestwhen these directors and officers are faced with decisions that could havedifferent implications for American Express than they do for us. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.\""
