[1] "[1] \"ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  While we have a history of losses in some periods and income in other periods, periods of losses, if continued, could adverselyaffect the market price of our securities and our ability to raise capital.  We had net losses of approximately $8.2 million, $18.1 million and $50.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. If we cannot generate profits or generate them ona consistent basis in the future, there could be an adverse effect on the market price of our securities, which in turn could adversely affect our ability to raise additional equity capital or to incur additional debt as and when needed.  26 If we cannot raise required capital, we may have to reduce or curtail certain existingoperations.  We require significantadditional capital for general working capital and debt service needs. If our cash flow and existing working capital are not sufficient to fund our general working capital and debt service requirements, we will have to raise additional funds byselling equity, refinancing some or all of our existing debt or selling assets or subsidiaries. None of these alternatives for raising additional funds may be available on acceptable terms to us or in amounts sufficient for us to meet ourrequirements. In addition, our ability to raise additional funds and engage in acquisitions is limited by the terms of the Indenture and the amended Credit Agreement. Our failure to obtain any required new financing may, if needed, require us toreduce or curtail certain existing operations.  Our substantial level of debt could limit our ability to grow and compete.  Our total indebtedness was approximately $383.8 million asof December 31, 2011. A significant portion of our cash flow from operations is and will continue to be used to service our debt obligations, and our ability to obtain additional financing is limited by the terms of the Indenture and theamended Credit Agreement. We may not have sufficient future cash flow to meet our debt payments, or we may not be able to refinance any of our debt at maturity. We have pledged substantially all of our assets and our existing and future domesticsubsidiaries to our lenders as collateral. Our lenders could proceed against the collateral to repay outstanding indebtedness if we are unable to meet our debt service obligations. If we were to have amounts outstanding under our 2010 CreditFacility agreement, and such amounts outstanding were to be accelerated, our assets might not be sufficient to repay in full the money owed to such lenders.  Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to our business, such as:   <U+0095> preventing us, under the terms of the Indenture and the amended Credit Agreement, from obtaining additional financing to grow our business and competeeffectively;   <U+0095> limiting our ability, as a practical matter, to borrow additional amounts for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt servicerequirements, execution of our growth strategy or other purposes; and   <U+0095> placing us at a disadvantage compared to those of our competitors who have less debt.  The Indenture, the amended Credit Agreement, or both,contain various covenants that limit management<U+0092>s discretion in the operation of our business and could limit our ability to grow and compete.  Subject to certain limited exceptions, both the Indenture and the amended Credit Agreement contain various provisions that limit ourability to:   <U+0095> incur additional indebtedness;   <U+0095> incur liens;   <U+0095> merge, dissolve, consolidate, or sell all or substantially all of our assets;   <U+0095> make certain investments;   <U+0095> make certain restricted payments;   <U+0095> declare certain dividends or distributions or repurchase shares of our capital stock;   <U+0095> enter into certain transactions with affiliates; and   <U+0095> change the nature of our business.  In addition, the Indenture contains various provisions that limit our ability to:   <U+0095> apply the proceeds from certain asset sales other than in accordance with the terms of the Indenture; and   <U+0095> restrict dividends or other payments from subsidiaries.  27 In addition, the amended Credit Agreement contains various provisions that limit our abilityto:   <U+0095> dispose of certain assets; and   <U+0095> amend our or any guarantor<U+0092>s organizational documents of the Company in any way that is materially adverse to the lenders under our 2010 CreditFacility.  These provisionsrestrict our management<U+0092>s ability to operate our business in accordance with management<U+0092>s discretion and could limit our ability to do a number of things, including growing and competing effectively.  Moreover, if we fail to comply with any of the financialcovenants or ratios under our 2010 Credit Facility, our lenders could:   <U+0095> Elect to declare all amounts borrowed to be immediately due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest; and/or   <U+0095> Terminate their commitments, if any, to make further extensions of credit.  In addition, if our total leverage ratio exceeds 6.50 to 1.00 as of the end of the most recently completedfiscal quarter, the maximum principal outstanding amount of all loans under our 2010 Credit Facility cannot exceed $25.0 million. In the event that the maximum principal outstanding amount exceeds $25.0 million in that case, we must immediatelyprepay outstanding revolving loans in an amount sufficient to eliminate such excess. Under the amended Credit Agreement, our total leverage ratio may not exceed 7.00 to 1 in future periods.  Any such action by our lenders would have a material adverse effect on our overall business and financialcondition.  In recent years, we haveexperienced net losses, primarily as a result of the current uncertain economic conditions. Were these conditions to continue for an extended period of time or worsen, our ability to comply with the Notes or our 2010 Credit Facility, includingfinancial covenants and ratios, and continue to operate our business as it is presently conducted, could be jeopardized.  We reported a net loss of $8.2 million and had positive cash flow from operations of $17.6 million for the year ended December 31,2011. We reported a net loss of $18.1 million and had positive cash flow from operations of $37.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2010. Additionally, as of December 31, 2011, we had an accumulated deficit of $939.0 million. If wewere to continue to experience net losses and declining net revenue, there could be an adverse effect on our liquidity and capital resources. In addition, if events or circumstances occur such that we were not able to generate positive cash flow andoperate our business as it is presently conducted, we may be required to refinance our existing debt, sell assets, curtail certain operations and/or obtain additional equity or debt financing. There is no assurance that any such transactions, ifrequired, could be consummated on terms satisfactory to us or at all. Any default under the Notes or our 2010 Credit Facility, inability to renegotiate such agreements if required, obtain additional financing if needed, or obtain waivers for anyfailure to comply with financial covenants and ratios would have a material adverse effect on our overall business and financial condition.  Our ability to generate the significant amount of cash needed to pay interest and principal on the Notes and service our otherindebtedness and financial obligations and our ability to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing depends on many factors beyond our control. In addition, we may not be able to pay amounts due on ourindebtedness.  As of December 31,2011, we had outstanding total indebtedness of approximately $383.8 million. Our ability to make payments on and refinance our indebtedness, including the Notes and amounts borrowed under our 2010 Credit Facility and other financial obligations, andto fund our operations will depend on our ability to  28 generate substantial operating cash flow. Our cash flow generation will depend on our future performance, which is subject to many factors, including prevailing economic conditions and financial,business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.  Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations and future borrowings may not be available to us under our 2010 Credit Facility or otherwise, in amounts sufficient to enable us toservice our indebtedness, including the Notes and borrowings under our 2010 Credit Facility, or to fund our other liquidity needs. If events or circumstances occur such that we are not able to generate positive cash flow and operate our business asit is presently conducted, we may be required to refinance our existing indebtedness, sell assets, curtail certain operations and/or obtain additional equity or debt financing. There is no assurance that any such transactions, if required, could beconsummated on terms satisfactory to us or at all. In addition, the current uncertain economic environment has had and may continue to have an impact on our liquidity and capital resources. Because of these and other factors beyond our control, wemay be unable to pay the principal, premium (if any), interest or other amounts on our indebtedness.  Current uncertain economic conditions may have an adverse impact on our industry, business, results of operations or financialposition.  The continuation or worseningof current uncertain economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the fundamentals of our business, results of operations and/or financial position. These conditions could have a negative impact on our industry or the industry of thosecustomers who advertise on our stations, including, among others, the services, telecommunications, automotive, fast food and restaurant, and retail industries, which provide a significant amount of our advertising revenue. There can be noassurance that we will not experience any further material adverse effect on our business as a result of the current economic conditions or that the actions of the United States Government, Federal Reserve or other governmental and regulatory bodiesfor the reported purpose of stabilizing the economy or financial markets will achieve their intended effect. Additionally, some of these actions may adversely affect financial institutions, capital providers, advertisers or other consumers orour financial condition, results of operations or the trading price of our securities. Potential consequences of the foregoing include:   <U+0095> the financial condition of companies that advertise on our stations, including, among others, those in the services, telecommunications, automotive,fast food and restaurant, and retail industries, which may file for bankruptcy protection or face severe cash flow issues, may result in a further significant decline in our advertising revenue;   <U+0095> our ability to borrow capital on terms and conditions that we find acceptable, or at all, may be limited, which could limit our ability to refinanceour existing debt;   <U+0095> our ability to pursue permitted acquisitions or divestitures of television or radio assets may be limited, both as a result of these factors and, withrespect to acquisitions, limitations contained in the Indenture and the amended Credit Agreement;   <U+0095> the possible further impairment of some or all of the value of our syndicated programming, goodwill and other intangible assets, including ourbroadcast licenses; and   <U+0095> the possibility that one or more of the lenders under our 2010 Credit Facility could refuse to fund its commitment to us or could fail, and we may notbe able to replace the financing commitment of any such lenders on favorable terms, or at all.  The recent recession and difficulties in the global capital and credit markets have adversely affected, and current uncertaineconomic conditions may continue to adversely affect, our business, as well as the industries of many of our customers, which are cyclical in nature.  Some of the markets in which our advertisers participate, such as the services, telecommunications, automotive, fast food and restaurant,and retail industries, are cyclical in nature, thus posing a risk to us which is beyond our control. Recent declines in consumer and business confidence and spending, together with significant  29 reductions in the availability and increases in the cost of credit and volatility in the capital and credit markets, have adversely affected the business and economic environment in which weoperate and can affect the profitability of our business. Our business is exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our key advertisers and other strategic business partners. These conditions have resulted in financial instability orother adverse effects at many of our advertisers and other strategic business partners. The consequences of such adverse effects could include the delay or cancellation of customer advertising orders, cancellation of our programming and terminationof facilities that broadcast or re-broadcast our programming. The reoccurrence of any of these conditions may adversely affect our cash flow, profitability and financial condition. During 2008 and 2009, as a result of the global financial crisis andrecession, lenders and institutional investors reduced and, in some cases, ceased to provide funding to borrowers reducing the availability of liquidity and credit to fund or support the continuation and expansion of business operations worldwide.Although the markets have generally stabilized since the depths of the recession, the economic recovery has been weak. Future disruption of the credit markets and/or sluggish economic growth in future periods could adversely affect ourcustomers<U+0092> access to credit which supports the continuation and expansion of their businesses and could result in advertising or broadcast cancellations or suspensions, payment delays or defaults by our customers.  Current uncertain economic conditions and their impacton consumer and general business confidence could negatively affect us.  Recent disruption in the financial markets has generally created increasingly difficult conditions for companies globally. Consumer confidence and business and consumer spending have been volatile duringthis period, and could remain so for an extended period. Consumer purchases of advertising time are sensitive to these conditions and may decline in future periods where disposable income is adversely affected or there is economic uncertainty. Thetightening of credit in financial markets also adversely affects the ability of our customers to obtain financing for advertising purchases.  Adverse or uncertain general economic conditions may cause potential customers to defer or forgo the purchase of advertising time.Moreover, insolvencies associated with the current or future economic downturns could adversely affect our business through the loss of carriers and clients or by hampering our ability to sell advertising or generate retransmission consent revenue.Further, reduced levels of staffing due to further layoffs could also have a negative impact on our business by spreading our personnel resources too thinly and not being able to cover all of our customer markets as effectively as in previousperiods.  If our earnings were to decrease infuture periods, it is possible that we would fail to comply with the terms of the Notes or our 2010 Credit Facility, which would have a significant adverse effect on us.  Current uncertain economic conditions may affect ourfinancial performance or our ability to forecast our business with accuracy.  Our operations and performance depend significantly on U.S. and, to a lesser extent, international economic conditions and their impact on purchases of advertising by our customers. As a result of theglobal financial crisis, which was experienced on a broad and extensive scope and scale, and the recession in the United States, general economic conditions deteriorated significantly throughout 2008 and most of 2009, and the economic recovery sincethat time has been weak. Economic conditions may remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. In 2010, we experienced increased customer demand for advertising commitments in both our television and radio segments. However, excluding advertisingsolely attributable to the World Cup and political activity, we believe that demand was relatively flat for advertising during 2010. Additionally, in 2011, we did not benefit from the occurrence of any of these periodic events. We further believethat this uncertainty may continue in future periods, as our customers alter their purchasing activities in response to the new economic reality, and, among other things, our customers may change or scale back future purchases of advertising. Thisuncertainty may also affect our ability to prepare accurate financial forecasts or meet specific forecasted results. It is currently unclear as to what overall effect the current economic conditions and uncertainties will continue to have on the  30 marketplace and our future business. If we are unable to adequately respond to or forecast further changes in demand for advertising if current economic conditions persist or deteriorate, ourresults of operations, financial condition and business prospects may be materially and adversely affected.  Cancellations or reductions of advertising could adversely affect our results of operations.  We do not obtain long-term commitments from our advertisers,and advertisers may cancel, reduce or postpone orders without penalty. We have experienced cancellations, reductions or delays in purchases of advertising from time to time in the past and more regularly during the global financial crisis andrecession. These have affected, and could continue to affect, our revenue and results of operations, especially if we are unable to replace such advertising purchases. Many of our expenses are based, at least in part, on our expectations of futurerevenue and are therefore relatively fixed once budgeted. Therefore, weakness in advertising sales would adversely impact both our revenue and our results of operations.  Our advertising revenue can vary substantially fromperiod to period based on many factors beyond our control, including but not limited to those discussed above. This volatility affects our operating results and may reduce our ability to repay indebtedness or reduce the market value of oursecurities.  We rely on sales ofadvertising time for most of our revenues and, as a result, our operating results are sensitive to the amount of advertising revenue we generate. If we generate less revenue, it may be more difficult for us to repay our indebtedness and thevalue of our business may decline. Our ability to sell advertising time depends on:   <U+0095> the levels of advertising, which can fluctuate between and among industry groups and in general, based on industry and general economic conditions;   <U+0095> the health of the economy in the area where our television and radio stations are located and in the nation as a whole;   <U+0095> the popularity of our programming and that of our competition;   <U+0095> changes in the makeup of the population in the areas where our stations are located;   <U+0095> the activities of our competitors, including increased competition from other forms of advertising-based mediums, such as other broadcast televisionstations, radio stations, MVPDs and internet and broadband content providers serving in the same markets; and   <U+0095> other factors that may be beyond our control.  Changes in our accounting estimates and assumptionscould negatively affect our financial position and operating results.  We prepare our financial statements in accordance with GAAP. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingentassets and liabilities, and our financial statements. We are also required to make certain judgments that affect the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during each reporting period. We periodically evaluate our estimates and assumptions,including those relating to the valuation of intangible assets, investments, income taxes, stock-based compensation, claims handling obligations, retirement plans, reserves, litigation and contingencies. We base our estimates on historicalexperience and various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable at the time we make those assumptions, based on specific circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from our estimated results. Additionally, changes in accountingstandards, assumptions or estimates may have an adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  31 The terms of any additional equity or convertible debt financing could contain termsthat are superior to the rights of our existing security holders.  Depending upon our future results of operations, ability to further reduce costs as necessary and comply with our financing agreements, including financial covenants and ratios, we may require additionalequity or debt financing. If future funds are raised through issuance of stock or convertible debt, these securities could have rights, privileges and preference senior to those of common stock. The sale of additional equity securities or securitiesconvertible into or exchangeable for equity securities could also result in dilution to our current shareholders. There can be no assurance that additional financing, if required, will be available on terms satisfactory to us or at all.  Any failure to maintain our FCC broadcast licensescould cause a default under our 2010 Credit Facility and cause an acceleration of our indebtedness.  Our 2010 Credit Facility requires us to maintain our FCC licenses. If the FCC were to revoke any of our material licenses, our lenderscould declare all amounts outstanding under the 2010 Credit Facility to be immediately due and payable. If our indebtedness is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds to pay the amounts owed.  We have a significant amount of goodwill and otherintangible assets and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets. We have recently recorded impairments of our television and radio assets.  Goodwill and intangible assets totaled $282 million and $283million at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, primarily attributable to acquisitions in prior years. At the date of these acquisitions, the fair value of the acquired goodwill and intangible assets equaled its book value. At leastannually, we test our goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment. Impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in our performance, adverse market conditions, adverse changes in applicable laws and regulations,including changes that restrict the activities of or affect the products or services sold by our businesses and a variety of other factors.  Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are tested annually on October 1 for impairment, or more frequently if events orchanges in circumstances indicate that our assets might be impaired. Such circumstances may include, among other things, a further significant decrease in our revenues, decrease in prevailing broadcast transaction multiples, deterioration inbroadcasting industry revenues, adverse market conditions, and a further significant decrease in our market capitalization. Appraisals of any of our reporting units or changes in estimates of our future cash flows could affect our impairmentanalysis in future periods and cause us to record either an additional expense for impairment of assets previously determined to be impaired or record an expense for impairment of other assets. Depending on future circumstances, we may never realizethe full value of our intangible assets. Any determination of impairment of our goodwill or other intangibles could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  Univision<U+0092>s ownership of our Class U common stock may make some transactions difficult or impossibleto complete without Univision<U+0092>s support.  Univision is the holder of all of our issued and outstanding Class U common stock. Although the Class U common stock has limited voting rights and does not include the right to elect directors, Univisiondoes have the right to approve any merger, consolidation or other business combination involving our company, any dissolution of our company and any assignment of the FCC licenses for any of our Univision-affiliated television stations.Univision<U+0092>s ownership interest may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control of our company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible to complete without Univision<U+0092>s support or due toUnivision<U+0092>s then-existing media interests in applicable markets.  32 If our affiliation or other contractual relationships with Univision orUnivision<U+0092>s programming success change in an adverse manner, it could negatively affect our television ratings, business, revenue and results of operations.  Our affiliation and other contractual relationships withUnivision have a significant impact on our business, revenue and results of operations of our television stations. If our affiliation agreement or another contractual relationship with Univision were terminated, or if Univision were to stopproviding programming to us for any reason and we were unable to obtain replacement programming of comparable quality, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue and results of operations. We regularly engage in discussionswith Univision regarding various matters relating to our contractual relationships. If Univision were to not continue to provide programming, marketing, available advertising time and other support to us on the same basis as currently provided, orif our affiliation agreement or another contractual relationship with Univision were to otherwise change in an adverse manner, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenue and results of operations.  Our television stations compete for audiences and advertisingrevenue primarily on the basis of programming content and advertising rates. Audience ratings are a key factor in determining our television advertising rates and the revenue that we generate. If Univision<U+0092>s programming success or ratings wereto decline, it could lead to a reduction in our advertising rates and advertising revenue on which our television business depends. Univision<U+0092>s relationships with Televisa and Venevision are important to Univision<U+0092>s, and consequently our,continued success. If Televisa were to stop providing programming to Univision for any reason, and Univision were unable to provide us with replacement programming of comparable quality, it could have a material adverse effect on our business andresults of operations. Additionally, by aligning ourselves closely with Univision, we might forego other opportunities that could diversify our television programming and avoid dependence on Univision<U+0092>s television networks  Because three of our directors and officers, andstockholders affiliated with them, hold the majority of our voting power, they can ensure the outcome of most matters on which our stockholders vote.  As of December 31, 2011, Walter F. Ulloa, Philip C. Wilkinson and Paul A. Zevnik together held approximately 81% of the combinedvoting power of our outstanding shares of common stock. Each of Messrs. Ulloa, Wilkinson and Zevnik is a member of our board of directors, and Messrs. Ulloa and Wilkinson also serve as executive officers of our company. In addition to their sharesof our Class A common stock, collectively they own all of the issued and outstanding shares of our Class B common stock, which have ten votes per share on any matter subject to a vote of the stockholders. Accordingly, Messrs. Ulloa, Wilkinsonand Zevnik have the ability to elect each of the members of our board of directors. Messrs. Ulloa, Wilkinson and Zevnik have agreed contractually to vote their shares to elect themselves as directors of our company. Messrs. Ulloa, Wilkinson andZevnik, acting in concert, also have the ability to control the outcome of most matters requiring stockholder approval. This control may discourage certain types of transactions involving an actual or potential change of control of our company, suchas a merger or sale of the company.  Stockholders who desire to change control of our company may be prevented from doing so by provisions of our second amended andrestated certificate of incorporation and the agreement that governs our 2010 Credit Facility. In addition, other agreements contain provisions that could discourage a takeover.  Our second amended and restated certificate of incorporation could make it more difficult for a third party toacquire us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders. The provisions of our certificate of incorporation could diminish the opportunities for a stockholder to participate in tender offers. In addition, under our certificate of incorporation,our board of directors may issue preferred stock on terms that could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company. The issuance of preferred stock could also negatively affect the voting power of holders of our commonstock. The provisions of our certificate of incorporation may have the effect of discouraging or preventing an acquisition or sale of our business.  33 In addition, the amended Credit Agreement contains limitations on our ability to enter intoa change of control transaction. Under the amended Credit Agreement, the occurrence of a change of control would constitute an event of default permitting acceleration of our outstanding indebtedness.  If we do not successfully respond to rapid changes intechnology and evolving industry trends, we may not be able to compete effectively.  Technology in the broadcast, entertainment and Internet industries is changing rapidly. Advances in technologies or alternative methods of content delivery, as well as certain changes in consumer oradvertiser behavior driven by changes in these or other technologies and methods of delivery, could have a negative effect on our business. Examples of such advances in technologies include video-on-demand, satellite radio, video games, DVD playersand other personal video and audio systems (e.g., iPods and iPads), wireless devices, text messaging and downloading from the Internet. For example, devices that allow users to view or listen to television or radio programs on a time-delayed basis,and technologies which enable users to fast-forward or skip advertisements, such as DVRs (e.g., TiVo) and portable digital devices, may cause changes in consumer behavior that could affect the perceived attractiveness of our services to advertisers,and could adversely affect our advertising revenue and our results of operations. In addition, further increases in the use of portable digital devices which allow users to view or listen to content of their own choosing, in their own time, whileavoiding traditional commercial advertisements, could adversely affect our advertising revenue and our results of operations. Additionally, cable providers and direct-to-home satellite operators are developing new video compression technologies thatallow them to transmit more channels on their existing equipment to highly targeted audiences, reducing the cost of creating such channels and potentially leading to increased competition for viewers in some of our markets. Our ability to adapt tochanges in technology on a timely and effective basis and exploit new sources of revenue from these changes may affect our business prospects and results of operations.  If we cannot renew our FCC broadcast licenses, ourbroadcast operations would be impaired.  Our television and radio businesses depend upon maintaining our broadcast licenses, which are issued by the FCC. The FCC has the authorityto renew licenses, not renew them, renew them only with significant qualifications, including renewals for less than a full term, or revoke them. Although we expect to renew all our FCC licenses in the ordinary course, we cannot assure investorsthat our future renewal applications will be approved, or that the renewals will not include conditions or qualifications that could adversely affect our operations. Failing to renew any of our stations<U+0092> main licenses would prevent us fromoperating the affected stations, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we renew our licenses with substantial conditions or modifications (including renewing one or more of ourlicenses for less than the standard term of eight years), it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  Displacement of any of our low-power televisionstations could cause our ratings and revenue for any such station to decrease.  A significant portion of our television stations are licensed by the FCC for low-power service only. Our low-power television stations operate with less power and coverage than our full-power stations.The FCC rules under which we operate provide that low-power television stations are treated as a secondary service. If any or all of our low-power stations are found to cause interference to full-power stations or sufficient channels becomeunavailable to accommodate incumbent broadcast television stations, owing to the relocation of full-power stations to fewer channels, we could be required to eliminate the interference or terminate service. In a few urban markets where we operate,including Washington, D.C. and San Diego, there are a limited number of alternative channels to which our low-power television stations can migrate. If we are unable to move the signals of our low-power television stations to replacement channels tothe extent legally required, or such channels do not  34 permit us to maintain the same level of service, we may be unable to maintain the viewership these stations currently have, which could harm our ratings and advertising revenue or, in the worstcase, cause us to discontinue operations at these low-power television stations.  Because our full-power television stations rely on retransmission consent rights to obtain cable carriage, new laws or regulations that eliminate or limit the scope of our cable carriage rightscould have a material adverse impact on our television operations.  We no longer rely on <U+0093>must carry<U+0094> rights to obtain the retransmission of our full-power television stations on MVPDs. New laws or regulations could affect retransmission consent rights and thenegotiating process between broadcasters and MVPDs.  Our low-power television stations do not have MVPD <U+0093>must carry<U+0094> rights. Some of our low-power television stations are carried oncable systems as they provide broadcast programming the cable systems desire and are part of the retransmission consent agreements we are party to. Where MVPDs are not contractually required to carry our low-power stations, we may face futureuncertainty with respect to the availability of MVPD carriage for our low-power stations.  We are a party to various retransmission consent agreements that may be terminated or not extended following their current termination dates.  If our retransmission consent agreements are terminated ornot extended following their current termination dates, our ability to reach MVPD subscribers and, thereby, compete effectively, may be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  Retransmission consent revenue may notcontinue to grow at recent rates and are subject to reverse network compensation.  While we expect the amount of revenues generated from our retransmission consent agreements to continue to grow over the next fiscal year and beyond, the rate of growth of such revenue may not continue atrecent and current rates and may be detrimentally affected by network program suppliers seeking reverse network compensation.  Carriage of our signals on DBS services is subject to DBS companies providing local broadcast signals in the television markets weserve and our decision as to the terms upon which our signals will be carried.  SHVIA allowed DBS television companies, which are currently DirecTV and EchoStar/Dish Network, for the first time to transmit local broadcast television station signals back to their subscribers in localmarkets. In exchange for this privilege, however, SHVIA required that in television markets in which a DBS company elects to pick up and retransmit any local broadcast station signals, the DBS provider must also offer to its subscribers signals fromall other qualified local broadcast television stations in that market. Our broadcast television stations in markets for which DBS operators have elected to carry local stations have previously obtained carriage under this <U+0093>carry one/carryall<U+0094> rule.  SHVIA expired in 2004 andCongress adopted SHVERA, which expired in 2009, but was extended in May 2010 by STELA. STELA provided a further five-year extension of the <U+0093>carry one/carry all<U+0094> rule earlier adopted in SHVIA and SHVERA. To the extent we have decided tosecure our carriage on DBS through retransmission consent agreements, the <U+0093>carry one/carry all<U+0094> rule no longer is relevant to us.  35 Changes in the FCC<U+0092>s ownership rules could lead to increased market power for ourcompetitors.  On June 2, 2003, theFCC revised its national ownership policy, modified television and cross-ownership restrictions, and changed its methodology for defining radio markets. Ultimately, the only rules that were adopted were those dealing with the determination of thenumber of local radio stations in local radio markets and loosening the limitations on newspaper-broadcast cross-ownership. Congress has also indicated its concern over the FCC<U+0092>s new rules and legislation has been considered to restrict thechanges. The FCC has now commenced a further review of its ownership policies for the broadcast medium. To date, however, only a reduction in the nationwide television cap, to 39% of the viewing public, has been the subject of federal legislation.Accordingly, the impact of changes in the FCC<U+0092>s restrictions on how many stations a party may own, operate and/or control and on our future acquisitions and competition from other companies is limited, but, in connection with local radioownership and newspaper-broadcast cross-ownership, could result in our competitors<U+0092> (including newspaper owners<U+0092>) ability to increase their presence in the markets in which we operate and may prevent us from adding stations in marketswhere we could achieve operating efficiencies or grow our business.  We rely on over-the-air spectrum which might be taken away, auctioned or be subject to other modification pursuant to an FCC-sanctioned process.  Our television business operates through over-the-airtransmission of broadcast signals. These transmissions are authorized under licenses issued to our stations by the FCC. The current electromagnetic spectrum is finite and certain parts of the spectrum are better than others owing to the ability ofelectromagnetic signals to penetrate buildings. This is the portion of the spectrum where broadcast stations operate.  With the advent of mobile wireless communications and its use not only for voice but for broadband distribution, the need for spectrum hasgrown. The FCC is engaged in efforts related to the implementation of a national broadcast plan it has developed. The plan calls for an increase in the amount of spectrum available for use by wireless broadband services. Available sources of suchspectrum are limited and the spectrum allotted for television broadcasting as a source for such spectrum repurposing has been identified as containing spectrum that the FCC believes should be recovered in part and made available for wirelessbroadband use. The FCC has indicated that any such repurposing as it applies to full-service and Class A television stations would be voluntary and subject to the legislation recently enacted and that television broadcasters would not berequired to return their spectrum. However, despite the passage of such legislation, it cannot be certain how the FCC<U+0092>s efforts to secure additional spectrum for mobile wireless communications will affect television broadcasting, as it remainsdependent on the applications of such legislation, the rules to be adopted by the FCC, and the actions of broadcasters in dealing with the new spectrum environment.  There are significant political, legal and technical issuesto overcome before changes in spectrum use may occur. The loss of spectrum could have a significant impact on our television business as would the sale or auction of spectrum or the modification of the available spectrum.  Available Information  We make available free of charge on our corporate website,www.entravision.com, the following reports, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, orfurnish it to, the SEC:   <U+0095> our annual report on Form 10-K;   <U+0095> our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q; and   <U+0095> our current reports on Form 8-K.  The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this report or incorporated by reference into this or anyother filing we make with the SEC.  36 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS\""
