[1] "[1] \"Item 1A.    Risk Factors.  Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks anduncertainties described below before purchasing our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties may alsoimpair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows would likely suffer. In that case, the tradingprice of our common stock could fall, and you may lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. Risks Related to Our Business If we fail to develop new software products, enhance existing products and services, or penetrate new vertical markets, we will be unable to implement our growth strategysuccessfully and our business could be seriously harmed. The maintenance and extension of our market leadership and our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop newsoftware products that achieve market acceptance with acceptable operating margins. Enterprises are requiring their application software vendors to provide greater levels of functionality and broaderproduct offerings. We must continue to enhance our current product line and develop and introduce new products and services that keep pace with increasingly sophisticated customer requirements and thetechnological developments of our competitors. Our business and operating results could suffer if we cannot successfully respond to the technological advances of competitors, or if our new products orproduct enhancements and services do not achieve market acceptance. Wehave implemented a product strategy that unifies our software solutions under the aspenONE brand with differentiated aspenONE vertical solutions targeted at specific process industrysegments. We cannot ensure that our product strategy will result in products that will meet market needs and achieve significant market acceptance. If we fail to introduce new products that meet thedemands of our customers or our target markets, or if we fail to penetrate new vertical markets in the process industries, our operating results and cash flows from operations will grow at a slowerrate than we anticipate and our financial condition could suffer. Our business could suffer if the demand for, or usage of, our aspenONE software declines for any reason. Our aspenONE suites account for a significant majority of our revenue and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future. If demandfor, or usage of, our software declines for any reason, our operating results, cash flows from operations and financial position would suffer. Our business could be adversely affectedby: <U+0095> any decline in demand for or usage of our aspenONE suites;  <U+0095> the introduction of products and technologies that serve as a replacement or substitute for, or represent an improvementover, our aspenONE suites;  <U+0095> technological innovations that our aspenONE suites do not address; and  <U+0095> our inability to release enhanced versions of our aspenONE suites on a timely basis. Our transition to a subscription-based licensing model has resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, lower revenue and operating losses. The reversal of asignificant portion of our U.S. valuation allowance resulted in us reporting net income for fiscal 2011. However, we expect to generate net losses for the next few years, as customers continue totransition to our subscription-based licensing model. Our aspenONE subscription offering, which we introduced in July 2009, provides customers with access to all of the applications withinthe aspenONE suite or suites they license and includes SMS for 18 Table of Contents theterm of the license contract. Prior to July 2009 we primarily recognized license revenue \\\"upfront,\\\" upon shipment of software, on a net present value basis in the period in which a licensecontract was signed, not over the license term. Although our aspenONE subscription offering makes our license revenue less volatile, it is difficult for us to increase our license revenue rapidlythrough additional bookings in a period, as license revenue from new customers will be recognized over the applicable license term. Similarly, the full effect of a decline in bookings in any periodwould not be fully recognized in our revenue for that period, but would negatively affect revenue in subsequent quarters. Asa result of the transition to our aspenONE subscription offering and the inclusion of SMS for the term of our point product arrangements, our revenue for fiscal 2011 and 2010 wassignificantly less than the level achieved in the years preceding the licensing model change. The decrease in revenue levels following the introduction of our aspenONE subscription offering have notbeen accompanied by a corresponding reduction in operating expenses. As a result, the change to our subscription-based licensing model has, and will continue to, result in our reporting lower revenueand operating losses for the next few years. Asfurther discussed in Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, \\\"Income Taxes,\\\" we reversed a significant portion of our U.S. valuation allowance in the fourth quarterof fiscal 2011, which resultedin us reporting net income in the current fiscal year. However, this reversal is a non-recurring item, and we expect to return to a pattern where we generate net losses for the next few years. Our operating results may suffer if customers in the energy, chemicals, engineering and construction, or pharmaceuticals industries experience an economic downturn or otheradverse events. We derive a majority of our revenue from companies in the energy, chemicals, engineering and construction, and pharmaceuticalindustries. Accordingly, our future success depends upon the continued demand for process optimization software and related services by companies in these process industries. These industries arehighly cyclical and highly reactive to the price of oil, as well as general economic conditions. Adverse changes in these industries could and have caused delays and reductions in informationtechnology spending by our customers, which could lead to reductions, postponements or cancellations of customer purchases of our products and services and in turn could negatively impact ouroperating results. Becauseof the nature of their products and manufacturing processes, companies in these process industries are subject to heightened risk of adverse or even catastrophic environmental,safety and health accidents or incidents. Further, our customers are often subject to ever-changing standards and regulations, and the global nature of their operations can subject them tonumerous regulatory regimes. Legislation or regulations regarding these areas may require us to make rapid changes in our products and services, and our inability to effect those changes couldadversely impact our revenue, operating margins and other operating results. Any of the foregoing types of events that affect our customers may adversely impact their operations and informationtechnology spending, which could have an adverse effect on our operating results. Inaddition, in the past, worldwide economic downturns and pricing pressures experienced by energy, chemical, pharmaceutical and other process industries have led to consolidations andreorganizations. These downturns, pricing pressures and reorganizations have caused delays and reductions in capital and operating expenditures by many of these companies. These delays and reductionshave reduced demand for products and services like ours. Arecurrence of these industry patterns, including any recurrence that may occur in connection with current global economic events, as well as general domestic and foreign economicconditions and other factors that reduce spending by companies in these industries, could harm our operating results in the future. There is no assurance that customers may not seek bankruptcy orother similar relief 19 Table of Contents fromcreditors, fail to pay amounts due to us, or pay those amounts more slowly, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations. Unfavorable economic and market conditions or a lessening demand in the market for process optimization software could adversely affect our operating results. Our business is influenced by a range of factors that are beyond our control and difficult or impossible to predict. If the market forprocess optimization software grows more slowly than we anticipate, demand for our products and services could decline and our operating results could be impaired. Further, the state of the economy,which deteriorated in the 2008 broad recession, may deteriorate further in the future. Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable global economic and market conditions as well as alessening demand for process optimization software generally. Customer demand for our products is intrinsically linked to the strength of the economy. If weakness in the economies of the United Statesand other countries persists, many customers may delay or reduce technology purchases. This could result in reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of newtechnologies, increased price competition or reduced use of our products by our customers. We will lose revenue if demand for our products is reduced because potential customers experience weak ordeteriorating economic conditions, catastrophic environmental or other events and our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow from operations would likely be adverselyaffected. The majority of our revenue and an increasing percentage of our operations are attributable to operations outside the United States, and our operating results therefore maybe materially affected by the economic, political, regulatory and other risks of foreign operations. As of June 30, 2011, we operated in 28 countries. We sell our products primarily through a direct sales force located throughoutthe world. In the event that we are unable to adequately staff and maintain our foreign operations, we could face difficulties managing our international operations. Customersoutside the United States accounted for a significant amount of our total revenue in fiscal 2011 and in fiscal 2010. We anticipate that revenue from customers outside theUnited States will continue to account for a significant portion of our total revenue for the foreseeable future. Our operations outside the United States are subject to additional risks,including: <U+0095> unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, exchange rates, tariffs and other barriers;  <U+0095> political and economic instability and possible nationalization of property by governments without compensation to theowners;  <U+0095> less effective protection of intellectual property;  <U+0095> requirements of foreign laws and other governmental controls;  <U+0095> difficulties and delays in translating products and product documentation into foreign languages;  <U+0095> difficulties and delays in negotiating software licenses compliant with accounting revenue recognition requirements in theUnited States;  <U+0095> difficulties in collecting trade accounts receivable in other countries;  <U+0095> adverse tax consequences; and  <U+0095> the challenges of handling legal disputes in foreign jurisdictions. 20 Table of Contents Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could result in declines in our reported revenue and operating results. In fiscal 2011, 21.7% of our total revenue was denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, certain of ouroperating expenses incurred outside the United States are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Our reported revenue and operating results are subject to fluctuations in foreignexchange rates. Foreign currency risk arises primarily from the net difference between non-U.S. dollar receipts from customers outside the United States and non-U.S. dollaroperating expenses for subsidiaries in foreign countries. Currently, our largest exposures to foreign exchange rates exist primarily with the Euro, Pound Sterling, Canadian dollar and Japanese Yenagainst the U.S. dollar. Over recent months, the value of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar has fluctuated dramatically. Since late fiscal 2008, we have not entered into derivative financialinstruments, such as forward currency exchange contracts, intended to manage the volatility of these market risks. We cannot predict the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, and foreign currencyfluctuations in the future may adversely affect our revenue and operating results. Any hedging policies we may implement in the future may not be successful, and the cost of those hedging techniquesmay have a significant negative impact on our operating results. Competition from software offered by current competitors and new market entrants, as well as from internally developed solutions by our customers, could adversely affect ourability to sell our software products and related services and could result in pressure to price our products in a manner that reduces our margins. Our markets in general are highly competitive and differ among our principal product areas: engineering, manufacturing, and supplychain management. Our engineering software competes with products of businesses such as ABB Ltd., Honeywell International, Inc., Invensys plc and KBC AdvancedTechnologies plc. Our manufacturing software competes with products of companies such as ABB Ltd., Honeywell International, Inc., Invensys plc, OSIsoft, Inc.,Rockwell Automation, Inc., Siemens AG and Yokogawa Electric Corporation. Our supply chain management software competes with products of companies such as JDA Software Group, Inc., OracleCorporation and SAP AG. In addition, we face challenges in selling our solutions to large companies in the process industries that have internally developed their own proprietary software solutions. Manyof our current and potential competitors have greater financial, technical, marketing, service and other resources than we have. As a result, these companies may be able to offerlower prices, additional products or services, or other incentives that we cannot match or offer. These competitors may be in a stronger position to respond more quickly to new technologies and may beable to undertake more extensive marketing campaigns. We believe they also have adopted and may continue to pursue more aggressive pricing policies and make more attractive offers to potentialcustomers, employees and strategic partners. For example, some competitors may be able to initiate relationships through sales and installations of hardware and then seek to expand their customerrelationships by offering process optimization software at a discount. In addition, many of our competitors have established, and may in the future continue to establish, cooperative relationshipswith third parties toimprove their product offerings and to increase the availability of their products in the marketplace. Competitors with greater financial resources may make strategic acquisitions to increase theirability to gain market share or improve the quality or marketability of their products. Competitioncould seriously impede our ability to sell additional software products and related services on terms favorable to us. Businesses may continue to enhance their internallydeveloped solutions, rather than investing in commercial software such as ours. Our current and potential commercial competitors may develop and market new technologies that render our existing orfuture products obsolete, unmarketable or less competitive. In addition, if these competitors develop products with similar or superior functionality to our products, we may need to decrease theprices for our products in order to remain competitive. If we are unable to maintain our current pricing due to 21 Table of Contents competitivepressures, our margins will be reduced and our operating results will be negatively affected. We cannot ensure that we will be able to compete successfully against current or futurecompetitors or that competitive pressures will not materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Defects or errors in our software products could harm our reputation, impair our ability to sell our products and result in significant costs to us. Our software products are complex and may contain undetected defects or errors. We have not suffered significant harm from any defectsor errors to date, but we have from time to time found defects in our products and we may discover additional defects in the future. We may not be able to detect and correct defects or errors beforereleasing products. Consequently, we or our customers may discover defects or errors after our products have been implemented. We have in the past issued, and may in the future need to issue,corrective releases of our products to remedy defects or errors. The occurrence of any defects or errors could result in: <U+0095> lost or delayed market acceptance and sales of our products;  <U+0095> delays in payment to us by customers;  <U+0095> product returns;  <U+0095> injury to our reputation;  <U+0095> diversion of our resources;  <U+0095> legal claims, including product liability claims, against us;  <U+0095> increased service and warranty expenses or financial concessions; and  <U+0095> increased insurance costs. Defectsand errors in our software products could result in claims for substantial damages against us. Arbitration and litigation involving a former reseller in the Middle East may subject us to substantial damages and expenses. Prior to October 6, 2009, we had an exclusive reseller relationship covering certain countries in the Middle East with AspenTechMiddle East W.L.L., a Kuwaiti corporation (now known as Advanced Technology Middle East W.L.L.) that we refer to below as ATME. Under the reseller agreement, we had the right to terminate for, amongother things, a material breach in the event of ATME's willful misconduct or fraud. Effective October 6, 2009, we terminated the reseller relationship for material breach by ATME, based oncertain actions of ATME. OnNovember 2, 2009, ATME commenced an action in the Queen's Bench Division (Commercial Court) of the High Court of Justice (England & Wales) captioned In The Matter Of AnIntended Arbitration Between AspenTech Middle East W.L.L. and Aspen Technology, Inc., 2009 Folio 1436,seeking preliminary injunctive relief restraining us from taking any steps to impede ATME from serving as our exclusive reseller in the countries covered by the reseller agreement with ATME. We filedevidence in opposition to that request for relief on November 12, 2009. At a hearing on November 13, 2009, the court dismissed ATME's application for preliminary injunctive relief. Thecourt sealed an Order to this effect on November 23, 2009, and further ordered that ATME pay our costs of claim. Relatedly,on November 11, 2009, we filed a request for arbitration against ATME in the International Court of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce, captionedAspen Technology, Inc. v. AspenTech Middle East W.L.L., Case No. 16732/VRO. Our request for arbitration asserted claims against ATME seeking a declaration that ATME committed a materialbreach of our 22 Table of Contents agreementand that our termination of our agreement was lawful, and seeking damages for ATME's willful misconduct in connection with the reseller relationship. On November 18, 2009, ATME filedits answer to that request for arbitration and asserted counterclaims against us seeking a declaratory judgment that we unlawfully terminated our agreement with ATME and seeking damages for breach ofcontract by reason of our purported unlawful termination of our agreement. Our reply to those counterclaims was filed on December 18, 2009. Pursuant to a procedural order issued by the arbitraltribunal, a hearing was conducted between January 24, 2011 and February 2, 2011, and a supplemental hearing took place in June 2011. Weexpect a determination to be made in the first half of fiscal 2012 with respect to the pending arbitration. However, we can provide no assurance as to the actual timing or outcome ofthe arbitration. In general, there is no provision for either party to appeal the determination reached. The reseller agreement with ATME contained a provision whereby we could be liable for atermination fee if the agreement were terminated other than for material breach. This fee is to be calculated based on a formula contained in the reseller agreement that we believe was originallydeveloped based on certain assumptions about the future financial performance of ATME, as well as ATME's actual financial performance. Based on the formula and the financial information provided to usby ATME, which we have not verified independently, a calculation based on the formula would result in a termination fee of between $60 million and $77 million. Under the terminatedreseller agreement, no termination fee is owed on termination for material breach. If we are found to have breached the terms of our agreement with ATME, we could be found liable for damages includingthe termination fee, the amount of which may be greater or less than the number indicated above. We intend to continue to pursue our claims against ATME, and to defend the counterclaim by ATME,vigorously. OnMarch 11, 2010, a Kuwaiti entity (known as ATME Group and affiliated with ATME) filed a lawsuit in a Kuwaiti court naming as defendants ATME, us and a reseller newly appointedby us in Kuwait. In this lawsuit, ATME Group claims that it was an exclusive reseller for ATME in Kuwait and that it therefore is entitled to damages resulting from purported customer contracts inKuwait. We intend to defend this action vigorously. We are subject to a lawsuit by a purchaser of our shares in a private placement. In March 2006, we settled class action litigation, including related derivative claims, arising out of our originally filedconsolidated financial statements for fiscal 2000 through 2004, the accounting for which we restated in March 2005. Certain members of the class (representing 1,457,969 shares of common stock, or lessthan 1% of the shares putatively purchased during the class action period) opted out of the settlement and had the right to bring their own state or federal law claims against us, referred to as\\\"opt-out\\\" claims. Opt-out claims were filed on behalf of the holders of approximately 1.1 million of such shares. All but one of these actions were settled and/ordismissed. The remaining action is discussed below. 380544Canada, Inc., et al. v. Aspen Technology, Inc., was filed on February 15, 2007 in the federal district court for the Southern District of New York anddocketed as Civ. A. No. 1:07-cv-01204-JFK in that court. The claims in this action include claims against us and one or more of our former officers allegingsecurities and common law fraud, breach of contract, deceptive practices and/or rescissory damages liability, based on the restated results of one or more fiscal periods included in our restatedconsolidated financial statements referenced in the class action. This action was brought by persons who purchased 566,665 shares of our common stock in a private placement. Certain motions to dismissfiled by other defendants were resolved on May 5, 2009. The claims in the 380544 Canada action are for damages totaling at least $4.0 million, not including claims for attorneys' fees.We plan to defend the 380544 Canada action vigorously. 23 Table of Contents Wecan provide no assurance as to the outcome of this case or the likelihood of the filing of additional opt-out claims, and these claims may result in judgments against usfor significant damages. Regardless of the outcome, such litigation has resulted in the past, and may continue to result in the future, in significant legal expenses and may require significantattention and resources of management, all of which could result in losses and damages that have a material adverse effect on our business. We may be subject to significant expenses and damages because of pending liability claims and other claims related to our products and services. The sale and implementation of certain of our software products and services, particularly in the areas of advanced process control andsupply chain management, entail the risk of product liability claims and associated damages. Our software products and services are often integrated with our customers' networks and softwareapplications and are used in the design, operation and management of manufacturing and supply chain processes at large facilities, often for mission critical applications. Anyerrors, defects, performance problems or other failures of our software could result in significant liability to us for damages or for violations of environmental, safety and otherlaws and regulations. Our software products and implementation services could give rise to warranty and other claims. In the ordinary course of business, we are from time to time involved in lawsuitsor claims relating to our products or services. These matters include an April 2004 claim by a customer for approximately $5.0 million that certain of our software products and implementationservices failed to meet the customer's expectations. We are unable to determine whether resolution of any of these matters will have a material adverse impact on our financial position, cash flows orresults of operations, or, in many cases, reasonably estimate the amount of the loss, if any, that may result from the resolution of these matters. Ouragreements with customers generally contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to potential product liability claims. It is possible, however, that the limitation of liabilityprovisions in our agreements may not be effective as a result of federal, foreign, state or local laws or ordinances or unfavorable judicial decisions. A substantial product liability judgment againstus could materially and adversely harm our operating results and financial condition. Even if our software is not at fault, a product liability claim brought against us could betime-consuming, costly to defend and harmful to our operations and reputation. Third-party claims that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others may be costly to defend or settle and could damage our business. We cannot be certain that our software and services do not infringe issued patents, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectualproperty rights of third parties. Litigation regarding intellectual property rights is common in the software industry, and we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time,including claims of alleged infringement of intellectual property rights of third parties by us or our licensees concerning their use of our software products and integration technologies andservices. Third parties may bring claims of infringement against us. Because our software is integrated with our customers' networks and business processes, as well as other software applications,third parties may bring claims of infringement against us, as well as our customers and other software suppliers, if the cause of the alleged infringement cannot easily be determined. Claimsof alleged infringement may have a material adverse effect on our business and may discourage potential customers from doing business with us on acceptable terms, if at all.Defending against claims of infringement may be time-consuming and may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, including our management's attention to our business.Furthermore, a party making an infringement claim could secure a judgment that requires us to pay substantial damages. A judgment could also include an injunction or other court order that couldprevent us from selling our software or 24 Table of Contents requirethat we re-engineer some or all of our products. Claims of intellectual property infringement also might require us to enter costly royalty or license agreements. We may be unableto obtain royalty or license agreements on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed significantly if any of these events occurred, andthe price of our common stock could be adversely affected. Furthermore, former employers of our current and future employees may assert that our employees have improperly disclosed confidential orproprietary information to us. In addition, we have agreed, and may agree in the future, to indemnify certain of our customers against claims that our software infringes upon the intellectual propertyrights of others. Although we carry general liability insurance, our current insurance coverage may not apply to, and likely would not protect us from, liability that may be imposed under any of thetypes of claims described above. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights, which could make us less competitive and cause us to lose market share. We regard our software as proprietary. Our strategy is to rely on a combination of copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret lawsin the United States and other jurisdictions, and to rely on license and confidentiality agreements and software security measures to further protect our proprietary technology and brand. We haveobtained or applied for patent protection with respect to some of our intellectual property, but generally do not rely on patents as a principal means of protecting our intellectual property. We haveregistered or applied to register some of our trademarks in the United States and in selected other countries. We generally enter into non-disclosure agreements with our employees andcustomers, and historically have restricted third-party access to our software and source code, which we regard as proprietary information. In certain cases, we have provided copies of source code tocustomers for the purpose of special product customization or have deposited copies of the source code with a third party escrow agent as security for ongoing service and license obligations. In thesecases, we rely on non-disclosure and other contractual provisions to protect our proprietary rights. Thesteps we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be adequate to deter misappropriation of our technology or independent development by others of technologies that aresubstantially equivalent or superior to our technology. Our intellectual property rights may expire or be challenged, invalidated or infringed upon by third parties or we may be unable to maintain,renew orenter into new licenses on commercially reasonable terms. Any misappropriation of our technology or development of competitive technologies could harm our business and could diminish or cause us tolose the competitive advantages associated with our proprietary technology, and could subject us to substantial costs in protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights, including costs ofproceedings we have instituted to enforce our intellectual property rights, such as those described in \\\"Item 3. Other Proceedings,\\\" and/or temporarily or permanently disrupt our sales andmarketing of the affected products or services. The laws of some countries in which our products are licensed do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of theUnited States. Moreover, in some non-U.S. countries, laws affecting intellectual property rights are uncertain in their application, which can affect the scope of enforceability of ourintellectual property rights. 25  Table of Contents In preparing our financial statements for fiscal 2011, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, and our failure to remedy this orother material weaknesses could result in material misstatements in our financial statements. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as defined inRule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act. Our management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2011. Amaterial weakness is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement ofour annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Thematerial weaknesses identified by management as of June 30, 2011 consisted of inadequate and ineffective controls over income tax accounting. As a result of this materialweakness, our management concluded as of June 30, 2011 that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on criteria set forth by the Committee of SponsoringOrganization of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control<U+0097>An Integrated Framework (September 1992). Wehave been implementing and continue to implement remedial measures designed to address this material weakness. If our remedial measures are insufficient to address this materialweakness, or if additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control are discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain materialmisstatements and we could be required to restate our financial results. Implementation of some of our products can be difficult and time-consuming, and customers may be unable to implement those products successfully or otherwiseachieve all of the potential benefits of the products. Some of our scheduling, production management and execution, and supply chain products must integrate with the existing computersystems and software programs of our customers. This process can be complex, time-consuming and expensive. As a result, some customers may have difficulty in implementing those products orbe unable to implement them successfully or otherwise achieve the products' potential benefits. Delayed or ineffective implementation of those software products or related services may limit ourrevenue or may result in customer dissatisfaction, harm to our reputation and customer unwillingness to pay the fees associated with these products. We may suffer losses on fixed-price professional service engagements. We undertake a portion of our professional service engagements on a fixed-price basis. Under these types of engagements, we bear therisk of cost overruns and inflation. We occasionally experience cost overruns, which may have a negative impact on our operating results. If we fail to comply or are deemed to have failed to comply with our ongoing Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, consent decree, our business may suffer. In December 2004, we entered into a consent decree with the FTC with respect to a civil administrative complaint filed by the FTC inAugust 2003 alleging that our acquisition of Hyprotech in May 2002 was anticompetitive in violation of Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act and Section 7 of the Clayton Act. InJuly 2009, we announced that the FTC closed an investigation relating to the alleged violations of the decree, and issued an order modifying the consent decree, which became final in August 2009. Weare subject to ongoing compliance obligations under the FTC consent decree. There is no assurance that the actions required by the FTC's modified order and related settlement with HoneywellInternational, Inc. will not require significant attention and resources of management, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, if we fail to comply, or are deemedto have failed to comply, with such consent decree, our business may suffer. 26 Table of Contents If we are not successful in attracting, integrating and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. Our ability to establish and maintain a position of technology leadership in the highly competitive software market depends in largepart upon our ability to attract, integrate and retain highly qualified managerial, sales, technical and accounting personnel. Competition for qualified personnel in the software industry is intense.We have from time to time in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience in the future, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications.Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract, integrate and retain a sufficient number of highly qualified personnel, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to doso. Our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited, and our failure to raise capital when needed could prevent us from executing our business plan. We expect that our current cash and cash equivalents and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cashneeds for at least the next twelve months. We may need to obtain additional financing thereafter or earlier, however, if our current plans and projections prove to be inaccurate or our expected cashflows prove to be insufficient to fund our operations because of lower-than-expected revenue, unanticipated expenses or other unforeseen difficulties. Ourability to obtain additional financing will depend on a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance, the quality of our receivables, and theavailability of capital in the credit markets. These factors may make the timing, amount, terms and conditions of any financing unattractive. If adequate funds are not available, or are not availableon acceptable terms, we may have to forego strategic acquisitions or other investments. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Our common stock may experience substantial price and volume fluctuations. The equity markets have from time to time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, particularly in the high technologysector, and those fluctuations often have been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. In addition, factors such our aspenONE subscription offering, our financial performance,the variability of earnings associated with the release of a significant portion of our U.S. valuation allowance, announcements of technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors,and market conditions in the computer software or hardware industries, may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock. Inthe past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a public company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against that company. Thistype of litigation against us could result in substantial liability and costs and divert management's attention and resources. Our corporate documents and provisions of Delaware law may prevent a change in control or management that stockholders may consider desirable. Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our charter and our by-laws contain provisions that mightenable our management to resist a takeover of our company. These provisions include: <U+0095> limitations on the removal of directors;  <U+0095> a classified board of directors, so that not all members of the board are elected at one time;  <U+0095> advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations; 27 Table of Contents <U+0095> the inability of stockholders to act by written consent or to call special meetings;  <U+0095> the ability of the board to make, alter or repeal our by-laws; and  <U+0095> the ability of the board to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval. Theseprovisions could: <U+0095> have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of our company or a change in our management thatstockholders may consider favorable or beneficial;  <U+0095> discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions;and  <U+0095> limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock.  Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments.\""
