[1] "[1] \"ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS The following section sets forth material factors that may adversely affect our business and operations. The following factors, as well as the factors discussed in “Item 7: Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations —Factors That May Influence Future Results of Operations” and other information contained in this report, should be considered in evaluating us and our business. Risks Related to our Business and Operations Global market and economic conditions may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and those of our tenants. In the United States, market and economic conditions continue to be challenging with stricter regulations and modest growth. While recent economic data reflects moderate economic growth in the United States, the cost and availability of credit may continue to be adversely affected by governmental budget and global economic factors. Concern about continued stability of the economy and credit markets generally, and the strength of counterparties specifically, has led many lenders and institutional investors to reduce and, in some cases, cease to provide funding to borrowers. Volatility in the U.S. and international capital markets and concern over a return to recessionary conditions in global economies, and in the California economy in particular, may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and the liquidity and financial condition of our tenants. If these market conditions continue, they may limit our ability and the ability of our tenants to timely refinance maturing liabilities and access the capital markets to meet liquidity needs.  All of our properties are located  in California and Greater Seattle, Washington and we may therefore be susceptible to adverse economic conditions and regulations, as well as natural disasters, in those areas. Because all of our properties are concentrated in California and Seattle, Washington we may be exposed to greater economic risks than if we owned a more geographically dispersed portfolio. Further, within California, our properties are concentrated in Los Angeles, Orange County, San Diego County, and the San Francisco Bay Area, exposing us to risks associated with those specific areas.  We are susceptible to adverse developments in the economic and regulatory environments of California and Greater Seattle, Washington (such as business layoffs or downsizing, industry slowdowns, relocations of businesses, increases in real estate and other taxes, costs of complying with governmental regulations or increased regulation and other factors) as well as adverse weather conditions and natural disasters that occur in these areas (such as earthquakes, wind, landslides, fires and other events).  In addition, California is also regarded as more litigious and more highly regulated and taxed than many other states, which may reduce demand for office space in California.  Any adverse developments in the economy or real estate market in California and the surrounding region, or in Seattle, Washington or any decrease in demand for office space resulting from the California or Seattle regulatory or business environment could impact our ability to generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses or other obligations, which would adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the quoted trading price of the Company's common stock and of the Operating Partnership's publicly-traded notes and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders. Our performance and the market value of our securities are subject to risks associated with our investments in real estate assets and with trends in the real estate industry . Our economic performance and the value of our real estate assets and, consequently the market value of the Company's securities, are subject to the risk that our properties may not generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating expenses or other obligations. A deficiency of this nature would adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the quoted trading price of our securities, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders. Events and conditions applicable to owners and operators of real estate that are beyond our control and could impact our economic performance and the value of our real estate assets may include:  • local oversupply or reduction in demand for office or other commercial space, which may result in decreasing rental rates and greater concessions to tenants; • inability to collect rent from tenants; • vacancies or inability to rent space on favorable terms or at all; • inability to finance property development and acquisitions on favorable terms or at all; • increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities, and real estate taxes; • costs of complying with changes in governmental regulations; • the relative illiquidity of real estate investments; 11  • changing submarket demographics; • the development of harmful mold or other airborne toxins or contaminants that could damage our properties or expose us to third-party liabilities; and • property damage resulting from seismic activity or other natural disasters. We depend upon significant tenants and the loss of a significant tenant could adversely affect our financial condition, revenues and results of operations. As of December 31, 2012 , our 15 largest tenants represented approximately 34.1% of total annualized base rental revenues. See further discussion on the composition of our tenants by industry and our largest tenants under “Item 2: Properties -Significant Tenants.” Our financial condition, results of operations, ability to borrow funds, and cash flows would be adversely affected if any of our significant tenants fails to renew its lease(s), renew its lease(s) on terms less favorable to us, or becomes bankrupt or insolvent or otherwise unable to satisfy its lease obligations. Downturn in tenants' businesses may reduce our cash flows . For the year ended December 31, 2012 , we derived approximately 99.2% of our revenues from continuing operations from rental income and tenant reimbursements. A tenant may experience a downturn in its business, which may weaken its financial condition and result in its failure to make timely rental payments or result in defaults under our leases. In the event of default by a tenant, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment.  The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major tenant also may adversely affect the income produced by our properties. If any tenant becomes a debtor in a case under federal bankruptcy law, we cannot evict the tenant solely because of the bankruptcy. In addition, the bankruptcy court might permit the tenant to reject and terminate its lease with us. Our claim against the tenant for unpaid and future rent could be subject to a statutory cap that might be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease. Therefore, our claim for unpaid rent would likely not be paid in full. Any losses resulting from the bankruptcy of any of our existing tenants could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the quoted trading price of our securities, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders.  A large percentage of our tenants' operate in a concentrated group of industries and downturns in these industries could adversely affect our financial condition, revenues and results of operations. As of December 31, 2012, as a percentage of our annualized base rental revenue, 36% of our tenants operated in the technology and media industry, 19% in the finance, insurance and real estate industry, 15% in the professional, business and other services industry, and 11% in the education and health services industry (of which approximately 5% are in the for profit education sector). As we expand our acquisition and development activities in markets populated by high growth tenants in the technology and media industry, our tenant mix may become more concentrated, further exposing us to risks associated with that industry. For a further discussion of the composition of our tenants by industry, see “Item 2: Properties—Significant Tenants.” An economic downturn in any of these industries, or in any industry in which a significant number of our tenants currently or may in the future operate, could negatively impact the financial condition of such tenants and cause them to fail to make timely rental payments or default on lease obligations, fail to renew their leases or renew their leases on terms less favorable to us, become bankrupt or insolvent, or otherwise become unable to satisfy their obligations to us.  As a result, a downturn in an industry in which a significant number of our tenants operate could adversely affect our financial conditions and result of operations. We may be unable to renew leases or re-lease available space . We had office space representing approximately 7.2% , of the total square footage of our properties that was not occupied as of December 31, 2012. In addition, leases representing approximately 7.1% and 10.4% of the leased rentable square footage of our properties are scheduled to expire in 2013 and 2014, respectively. Above market rental rates on some of our properties may force us to renew or re-lease expiring leases at rates below current lease rates. As of December 31, 2012 , we believe that the weighted average cash rental rates for our overall portfolio, including recently acquired properties, are approximately at the current average quoted market rental rates, and weighted average cash rental rates for leases scheduled to expire during 2013 are approximately 5% below the current average quoted market rental rates, although individual properties within any particular submarket presently may be leased at, above, or below the current market rental rates within that submarket. We cannot provide any assurance that leases will be renewed or that available space will be re-leased at rental rates equal to or above the current rental rates. If the average rental rates for our properties decrease or existing tenants do not renew their leases, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the quoted trading price of our securities, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders could be adversely affected. We are subject to governmental regulations that may affect the development, redevelopment, and use of our properties . We are subject to governmental regulations that may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, 12  cash flow, the quoted trading price of our securities, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders. Our properties are subject to regulation under federal laws, such as the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the “ADA”)  pursuant to which all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons, and state and local laws addressing earthquake, fire, and life safety requirements. Although we believe that our properties substantially comply with requirements under applicable governmental regulations, none of our properties have been audited or investigated for compliance by any regulatory agency. If we were not in compliance with material provisions of the ADA or other regulations affecting our properties, we might be required to take remedial action, which could include making modifications or renovations to properties. Federal, state, or local governments may also enact future laws and regulations that could require us to make significant modifications or renovations to our properties. If we were to incur substantial costs to comply with the ADA or any other regulations, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the quoted trading price of our securities, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders could be adversely affected. Our properties are subject to land use rules and regulations that govern our development, redevelopment, and use of our properties. Restrictions on our ability to develop, redevelop, or use our properties resulting from changes in the existing land use rules and regulations could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, quoted trading price of our securities, our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders.  Our debt level reduces cash available for distribution and may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. Payments of principal and interest on borrowings may leave us with insufficient cash resources to operate our properties or to pay in cash the distributions necessary to maintain the Company's REIT qualification. Our level of debt and the limitations imposed by our debt agreements may have substantial consequences to us, including the following:  • we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity, or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness;  • cash flows may be insufficient to meet required principal and interest payments;  • we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our properties, possibly on disadvantageous terms;  • we may default on our obligations, and the lenders or mortgagees may foreclose on our properties that secure the loans and receive an assignment of rents and leases; and  • our default under one mortgage loan could result in a default on other indebtedness with cross default provisions. If one or more of these events were to occur, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, the quoted trading price of our securities, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders could be adversely affected. In addition, foreclosures could create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds, which could require us to borrow or sell assets to raise the funds necessary to meet the REIT distribution requirements discussed below, even if such actions are not on favorable terms. As of December 31, 2012 , we had approximately $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of indebtedness, $90.9 million of which is contractually due prior to December 31, 2013. Our total debt and preferred equity at December 31, 2012 represented 38.1% of our total market capitalization (which we define as the aggregate of our long-term debt, liquidation value of our preferred equity, and the market value of the Company's common stock and the Operating Partnership's common units of limited partnership interest, or common units). In January 2013, we repaid $83.1 million of the total amount contractually due prior to December 31, 2013. In addition, on January 14, 2013, the Operating Partnership issued $300.0 million of 3.8% senior unsecured notes due 2023 and used the proceeds from the offering to repay the remaining outstanding balance on the Operating Partnership's $500 million unsecured revolving credit facility. For calculation of our market capitalization and additional information on debt maturities see “Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations —Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Company—Capitalization and Liquidity Uses.”  The covenants in the Operating Partnership's revolving credit facility and term loan facility may limit our ability to make distributions to the holders of our common stock. The Operating Partnership's revolving credit facility and $150.0 million unsecured term loan facility contain financial covenants that could limit the amount of distributions payable by us on our common stock and preferred stock.  We rely on cash distributions we receive from the Operating Partnership to pay distributions on our common stock and preferred stock and to satisfy our other cash needs, and the revolving credit facility and the term loan facility provide that the Operating Partnership may not, in any year, make partnership distributions to us or other holders of its partnership interests in an aggregate amount in excess of the greater of: • 95% of the Operating Partnership's consolidated funds from operations (as similarly defined in each of the revolving credit facility and term loan facility agreements) for such year; and 13   • an amount which results in distributions to us (excluding any preferred partnership distributions to the extent the same have been deducted from consolidated funds from operations for such year) in an amount sufficient to permit us to pay dividends to our stockholders that we reasonably believe are necessary to (a) maintain our qualification as a REIT for federal and state income tax purposes and (b) avoid the payment of federal or state income or excise tax.  In addition, the revolving credit facility and term loan facility provide that, if the Operating Partnership fails to pay any principal of or interest on any borrowings under the revolving credit facility or term loan facility, respectively, when due, then the Operating Partnership may make only those partnership distributions to us and other holders of its partnership interests necessary to enable us to make distributions to our stockholders that we reasonably believe are necessary to maintain our status as a REIT for federal and state income tax purposes. Any limitation on our ability to make distributions to our stockholders, whether as a result of these provisions in the revolving credit facility, the term loan facility or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on the market value of our common stock and preferred stock. A downgrade in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. The credit ratings assigned to the debt securities of the Operating Partnership and our preferred stock could change based upon, among other things, our results of operations and financial condition.  These ratings are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and we cannot assure you that any rating will not be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant.  Moreover, these credit ratings do not apply to our common stock and are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any other securities.  If any of the credit rating agencies that have rated the debt securities of the Operating Partnership or our preferred stock downgrades or lowers its credit rating, or if any credit rating agency indicates that it has placed any such rating on a so-called “watch list” for a possible downgrading or lowering or otherwise indicates that its outlook for that rating is negative, it could have a material adverse effect on our costs and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to make dividends and distributions on our common stock and preferred stock. We face significant competition, which may decrease the occupancy and rental rates of our properties . We compete with several developers, owners, and operators of office and other commercial real estate, many of which own properties similar to ours in the same submarkets in which our properties are located but which have lower occupancy rates than our properties. Therefore, our competitors have an incentive to decrease rental rates until their available space is leased. As previously mentioned, as of December 31, 2012 we believe that the weighted average cash rental rates for our overall portfolio are approximately at the current average quoted market rental rates. If our competitors offer space at rental rates below the rates currently charged by us for comparable space, we may be pressured to reduce our rental rates below those currently charged in order to retain tenants when our tenant leases expire. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, the quoted trading price of our securities, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders may be adversely affected. In order to maintain the quality of our properties and successfully compete against other properties, we must periodically spend money to maintain, repair, and renovate our properties, which reduces our cash flows. If our properties are not as attractive to current and prospective tenants in terms of rent, services, condition, or location as properties owned by our competitors, we could lose tenants or suffer lower rental rates. As a result, we may from time to time be required to make significant capital expenditures to maintain the competitiveness of our properties. There can be no assurances that any such expenditure would result in higher occupancy or higher rental rates, or deter existing tenants from relocating to properties owned by our competitors. Potential casualty losses, such as earthquake losses, may not be covered by insurance and payment of such losses may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We carry comprehensive liability, fire, extended coverage, rental loss, and terrorism insurance covering all of our properties. Management believes the policy specifications and insured limits are appropriate given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage, and industry practice. We do not carry insurance for generally uninsurable losses such as loss from riots or acts of God. In addition, all of our properties are located in earthquake-prone areas. We carry earthquake insurance on our properties in an amount and with deductibles that management believes are commercially reasonable. However, the amount of our earthquake insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover losses from earthquakes. We may also discontinue earthquake insurance on some or all of our properties in the future if the cost of premiums for earthquake insurance exceeds the value of the coverage discounted for the risk of loss. If we experience a loss that is uninsured or which exceeds policy limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties as well as the anticipated future cash flows from those properties. Further, if the damaged properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we would continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if the properties were irreparable. We are subject to environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, and any costs to comply with, or liabilities arising under, such laws and regulations could be material. As an owner, operator, manager, acquirer and developer of real 14  properties, we are subject to environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. Certain of these laws and regulations impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, for investigation and clean-up costs on current and former owners and operators of real property and persons who have disposed of or released hazardous substances into the environment. At some of the properties, there are asbestos-containing materials, or tenants routinely handle hazardous substances as part of their operations. In addition, historical operations, including the presence of underground storage tanks, have caused soil or groundwater contamination at or near some of the properties. Although we believe that the prior owners of the affected properties or other persons may have conducted remediation of known contamination at these properties, not all such contamination has been remediated. Unknown or unremediated contamination or the compliance with existing or new environmental or health and safety laws and regulations could require us to incur costs or liabilities that could be material.  See \\\"Item 1: Business — Environmental Regulations and Potential Liabilities.\\\"  We may be unable to complete acquisitions and successfully operate acquired properties . We continually evaluate the market of available properties and may continue to acquire office properties and undeveloped land when strategic opportunities exist. Our ability to acquire properties on favorable terms and successfully operate them is subject to the following risks:  • we may potentially be unable to acquire a desired property because of competition from other real estate investors with significant capital, including both publicly traded REITs and institutional investment funds;  • the possibility that, even if we enter into agreements for the acquisition of office properties, we may be unable to complete such acquisitions because they remain subject to customary conditions to closing including the completion of due diligence investigations to management's satisfaction;  • we may be unable to finance acquisitions on favorable terms or at all;  • we may spend more than budgeted amounts in operating costs or to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired properties;  • we may lease acquired properties at economic lease terms different than projected;  • we may acquire properties that are subject to liabilities for which we may have limited or no recourse; and  • we may be unable to complete an acquisition after making a nonrefundable deposit and incurring certain other acquisition related costs. If we cannot finance property acquisitions on favorable terms or operate acquired properties to meet financial expectations, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the quoted trading price of our securities, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders could be adversely affected. We may be unable to successfully complete and operate acquired, developed, and redeveloped properties. There are significant risks associated with property acquisition, development, and redevelopment including the possibility that:  • we may be unable to lease acquired, developed, or redeveloped properties at projected economic lease terms or within budgeted timeframes;  • we may not complete development or redevelopment properties on schedule or within budgeted amounts;  • we may expend funds on and devote management's time to acquisition, development, or redevelopment properties that we may not complete;  • we may encounter delays or refusals in obtaining all necessary zoning, land use, and other required entitlements, and building, occupancy, and other required governmental permits and authorizations;  • we may encounter delays, refusals, unforeseen cost increases, and other impairments resulting from third-party litigation; and  • we may fail to obtain the financial results expected from properties we acquire, develop, or redevelop. If one or more of these events were to occur in connection with our acquired properties, undeveloped land, or development or redevelopment properties under construction, we could be required to recognize an impairment loss. These events could also 15  have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, the quoted trading price of our securities, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders.  While we historically have acquired, developed, and redeveloped office properties in California markets, over the past three years we have acquired ten properties in the state of Washington and may in the future acquire, develop, or redevelop properties for other uses and expand our business to other geographic regions where we expect the development or acquisition of property to result in favorable risk-adjusted returns on our investment. Presently, we do not possess the same level of familiarity with development of property types other than mixed-use, office, or with certain outside markets, which could adversely affect our ability to acquire, develop or redevelop properties or to achieve expected performance. We could default on leases for land on which some of our properties are located. As of December 31, 2012 , we owned eleven office buildings, located on various land parcels and regions, which we lease individually on a long-term basis. As of December 31, 2012 , we had approximately 1.8 million aggregate rentable square feet, or 13.6% of our total stabilized portfolio, of rental space located on these leased parcels. In addition, we had ground lease obligations for the land at one redevelopment property encompassing approximately 98,000 rentable square feet. In 2012, we exercised our option to purchase this land for a purchase price of $27.5 million and we currently expect we will close the transaction in the second quarter of 2013.  If we default under the terms of any particular lease, we may lose the ownership rights to the property subject to the lease. Upon expiration of a lease, we may not be able to renegotiate a new lease on favorable terms, if at all. The loss of the ownership rights to these properties or an increase of rental expense could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, the quoted trading price of our securities, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders. Real estate assets are illiquid, and we may not be able to sell our properties when we desire. Our investments in our properties are relatively illiquid, limiting our ability to sell our properties quickly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. In addition, the Code generally imposes a 100% prohibited transaction tax on the Company on profits derived from sales of properties held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, which effectively limits our ability to sell properties other than on a selected basis. These restrictions on our ability to sell our properties could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, the quoted trading price of our securities, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders. We may invest in securities related to real estate, which could adversely affect our ability to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders. We may purchase securities issued by entities which own real estate and may, in the future, also invest in mortgages. In general, investments in mortgages are subject to several risks, including:  • borrowers may fail to make debt service payments or pay the principal when due;  • the value of the mortgaged property may be less than the principal amount of the mortgage note securing the property; and  • interest rates payable on the mortgages may be lower than our cost for the funds used to acquire these mortgages. Owning these securities may not entitle us to control the ownership, operation, and management of the underlying real estate. In addition, we may have no control over the distributions with respect to these securities, which could adversely affect our ability to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders. Future terrorist activity or engagement in war by the United States may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Terrorist attacks in the United States and other acts of terrorism or war, may result in declining economic activity, which could harm the demand for and the value of our properties. In addition, the public perception that certain locations are at greater risk for attack, such as major airports, ports, and rail facilities, may decrease the demand for and the value of our properties near these sites. A decrease in demand could make it difficult for us to renew or re-lease our properties at these sites at lease rates equal to or above historical rates. Terrorist activities also could directly impact the value of our properties through damage, destruction, or loss, and the availability of insurance for these acts may be less, and cost more, which could adversely affect our financial condition. To the extent that our tenants are impacted by future attacks, their businesses similarly could be adversely affected, including their ability to continue to honor their existing leases. Terrorist acts and engagement in war by the United States also may adversely affect the markets in which our securities trade and may cause further erosion of business and consumer confidence and spending and may result in increased volatility in national and international financial markets and economies. Any one of these events may cause a decline in the demand for our office leased space, delay the time in which our new or renovated properties reach stabilized occupancy, increase our operating expenses, such as those attributable to increased physical security for our properties, and limit our access to capital or increase our cost of raising capital. 16  The enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (“Dodd-Frank Act”) will subject us to substantial additional federal regulation .  There are significant corporate governance and executive compensation-related requirements that have been, and will in the future be, imposed on publicly-traded companies under  the Dodd-Frank Act.  Several of these provisions require the SEC to adopt additional rules and regulations in these areas. For example, the Dodd-Frank Act requires publicly-traded companies to give stockholders a non-binding vote on executive compensation and so-called “golden parachute” payments, heightens certain independence standards for compensation advisers and authorizes the SEC to promulgate rules that would allow stockholders to nominate their own candidates for board seats using a registrant's proxy materials.  Our efforts to comply with these requirements have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, an increase in expenses and a diversion of management's time from other business activities.  In addition, if stockholders do not vote to approve our executive compensation practices and/or our equity plan amendments, these actions may interfere with our ability to attract and retain key personnel who are essential to our future success.  Given the uncertainty associated with both the results of the existing Dodd-Frank Act requirements and the manner in which additional provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will be implemented by various regulatory agencies and through regulations, the full extent of the impact that such requirements will have on our operations is unclear. Accordingly, the changes resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act may impact the profitability of business activities, require changes to certain business practices, or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the quoted trading price of the Company's common stock and of the Operating Partnership's publicly-traded notes and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders. Our property taxes could increase due to reassessment or property tax rate changes. We are required to pay some state and local taxes on our properties.  In addition, the real property taxes on our properties may increase as our properties are reassessed by taxing authorities or as property tax rates change. For example, under a current California law commonly referred to as “Proposition 13,” property tax reassessment generally occurs as a result of a “change in ownership” of a property, as specially defined for purposes of those rules.  Because the property taxing authorities may not determine whether there has been a “change in ownership” or the actual reassessed value of a property for a period of time after a transaction has occurred, we may not know the impact of a potential reassessment for a considerable amount of time following a particular transaction.  Therefore, the amount of property taxes we are required to pay could increase substantially from the property taxes we currently pay or have paid in the past, including on a retroactive basis.  In addition, from time to time voters and lawmakers have announced initiatives to repeal or amend Proposition 13 to eliminate its application to commercial and industrial property and/or introduce split tax roll legislation.  Such initiatives, if successful, would increase the assessed value and/or tax rates applicable to commercial property in California, including our office properties.  An increase in the assessed value of our properties or our property tax rates could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the quoted trading price of the Company's common stock and of the Operating Partnership's publicly-traded notes and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders. Our business could be adversely impacted if there are deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. The design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all errors, misstatements or misrepresentations. While management will continue to review the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, there can be no guarantee that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective in accomplishing all control objectives all of the time.  Deficiencies, including any material weakness, in our internal control over financial reporting which may occur in the future could result in misstatements of our results of operations, restatements of our financial statements, or otherwise adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the quoted trading price of the Company's common stock and of the Operating Partnership's publicly-traded notes and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders. We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks and related systems. We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization, and other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems.  The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased.  Our IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations (including managing our building systems), and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants.  There can be no assurance that our efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging.  A security breach or other significant disruption involving our IT networks and related systems could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the quoted trading price of the Company's common stock and of the Operating Partnership's publicly-traded notes and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders.  17  Risks Related to our Organizational Structure  Loss of our key personnel could harm our operations and adversely affect the quoted trading price of our securities The leadership and performance of our executive and senior officers, particularly John B. Kilroy, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer, Jeffrey C. Hawken, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Eli Khouri, Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, Tyler H. Rose, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Justin W. Smart, Executive Vice President, Development and Construction Services, play a key role in the success of the Company. They are integral to the Company's success for many reasons, including that each has a strong national or regional reputation in our industry and investment community. In addition, they have significant relationships with investors, lenders, tenants and industry personnel, which benefit the Company. Our future performance will be substantially dependent on our ability to retain and motivate these individuals. The loss or limited availability of the services of our key personnel could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and could be negatively perceived in the capital markets. Our growth depends on external sources of capital that are outside of our control and the inability to obtain capital on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The Company is required under the Code to distribute at least 90% of its taxable income (subject to certain adjustments and excluding any net capital gain), and the Operating Partnership is required to make distributions to the Company to allow the Company to satisfy these REIT distribution requirements. Because of these distribution requirements, the Operating Partnership is required to make distributions to the Company, and we may not be able to fund future capital needs, including any necessary acquisition financing, from operating cash flow. Consequently, management relies on third-party sources of capital to fund our capital needs. We may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms or at all. Any additional debt we incur will increase our leverage. Access to third-party sources of capital depends, in part, on general market conditions and the availability of credit, the market's perception of our growth potential, our current and expected future earnings, our cash flows and cash distributions, and the quoted trading price of our securities. If we cannot obtain capital from third-party sources, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the quoted trading price of our securities, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders may be adversely affected. Our  common limited partners have limited approval rights, which may prevent us from completing a change of control transaction that may be in the best interests of all our security holders. The Company may not withdraw as the Operating Partnership's general partner or transfer its general partnership interest in the Operating Partnership without the approval of the holders of at least 60% of the units representing common limited partnership interests, including the common units held by the Company in its capacity as the Operating Partnership's general partner. In addition, the Company may not engage in a merger, consolidation, or other combination or the sale of substantially all of its assets or such similar transaction, without the approval of the holders of 60% of the common units, including the common units held by the Company in its capacity as the Operating Partnership's general partner. The right of our common limited partners to vote on these transactions could limit our ability to complete a change of control transaction that might otherwise be in the best interest of all our security holders. In certain circumstances, our limited partners must approve our dissolution and the disposition of properties contributed by the limited partners. For as long as limited partners own at least 5% of all of the Operating Partnership's partnership interests, we must obtain the approval of limited partners holding a majority of the units representing common limited partnership interests before we may dissolve. As of December 31, 2012 , limited partners owned approximately 2.4% of the Operating Partnership's partnership interests, of which 1.7% was owned by John B. Kilroy, Sr. and John B. Kilroy, Jr. In addition, we agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize the tax consequences to common limited partners resulting from the repayment, refinancing, replacement, or restructuring of debt, or any sale, exchange, or other disposition of any of our other assets. The exercise of one or more of these approval rights by the limited partners could delay or prevent us from completing a transaction that may be in the best interest of all our security holders. The Chairman of our board of directors and our President and Chief Executive Officer each have substantial influence over our affairs.  John B. Kilroy, Sr. is the Chairman of our board of directors and the father of John B. Kilroy, Jr., our President and Chief Executive Officer. Each is a member of our board of directors, and together, as of December 31, 2012 , they beneficially owned approximately 2.9% of the total outstanding shares of the Company's common stock. The percentage of outstanding shares of common stock beneficially owned includes 281,210 shares of common stock, 412,936 restricted stock units that were vested and held by John B. Kilroy, Jr. at December 31, 2012 , and assumes the exchange into shares of the Company's common stock of the 1,335,135 common units of the Operating Partnership held by Messrs. Kilroy (which are redeemable in exchange for, at the option of the Company, an equal number of shares of the Company's common stock). Pursuant to the Company's charter, no stockholder may own, actually or constructively, more than 7.0% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding Company common stock without obtaining a waiver from the board of directors. The board of directors has waived the ownership limits with respect to John B. Kilroy, Sr., John B. Kilroy, Jr., members of their families, and some of their affiliated entities. These named individuals and entities may own either actually or constructively, in the aggregate, up to 19.6% of the Company's outstanding common stock, excluding Operating Partnership units 18  that are exchangeable into shares of Company common stock. Consequently, Messrs. Kilroy have substantial influence on the Company, and because the Company is the manager of the Operating Partnership, on the Operating Partnership, and could exercise their influence in a manner that is not in the best interest of our stockholders, noteholders or unitholders. Also, they may, in the future, have a substantial influence on the outcome of any matters submitted to our stockholders or unitholders for approval.  There are restrictions on the ownership of the Company's capital stock that limit the opportunities for a change of control at a premium to existing security holders. Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, the Company's charter and bylaws, and the Operating Partnership's partnership agreement may delay, deter, or prevent a change of control  of the Company, or the removal of existing management. Any of these actions might prevent our security holders from receiving a premium for their common shares or common units over the then-prevailing market price of the shares of the Company's common stock. In order for the Company to qualify as a REIT under the Code its stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made) or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. Also, not more than 50% of the value of the outstanding shares of the Company's stock may be owned, actually or constructively, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) during the last half of a taxable year (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made).  The Company's charter contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of its capital stock that are intended to assist the Company in complying with these requirements and continuing to qualify as a REIT. No single stockholder may own, either actually or constructively, absent a waiver from the board of directors, more than 7.0% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the Company's outstanding common stock. Similarly, absent a waiver from the board of directors, no single holder of the Company's 6.875% Series G Cumulative Redeemable Preferred stock (the “Series G Preferred Stock”) may actually or constructively own more than 9.8% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the Company's Series G Preferred Stock; and no single holder of the Company's 6.375% Series H Cumulative Redeemable Preferred stock (the “Series H Preferred Stock”) may actually or constructively own more than 9.8% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the Company's Series H Preferred Stock. The constructive ownership rules under the Code are complex and may cause stock owned actually or constructively by a group of related individuals and/or entities to be owned constructively by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than the applicable ownership limit of a particular class of the Company's capital stock could, nevertheless, cause that individual or entity, or another individual or entity, to constructively own stock in excess of, and thereby subject such stock to, the applicable ownership limit. The board of directors may waive the ownership limits if it is satisfied that the excess ownership would not jeopardize the Company's REIT status and if it believes that the waiver would be in our best interest. The board of directors has waived the ownership limits with respect to John B. Kilroy, Sr., John B. Kilroy, Jr., members of their families, and some of their affiliated entities. These named individuals and entities may own either actually or constructively, in the aggregate, up to 19.6% of the Company's outstanding common stock, excluding common units that are exchangeable into shares of common stock. The board of directors has also waived the ownership limits with respect to the initial purchasers of the 4.25% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2014 (the “4.25% Exchangeable Notes”) and certain of their affiliated entities to beneficially own up to 9.8%, in the aggregate, of the Company's common stock in connection with hedging the capped call transactions. If anyone acquires shares in excess of any ownership limits, the transfer to the transferee will be void with respect to the excess shares, the excess shares will be automatically transferred to a trust for the benefit of a qualified charitable organization, and the purported transferee or owner will have no rights with respect to those excess shares. The Company's charter contains provisions that may delay, deter, or prevent a change of control transaction. The following provisions of the Company's charter may delay or prevent a change of control over us, even if a change of control might be beneficial to our security holders, deter tender offers that may be beneficial to our security holders, or limit security holders' opportunity to receive a potential premium for their shares and/or units if an investor attempted to gain shares beyond the Company's ownership limits or otherwise to effect a change of control:  • The Company's charter authorizes the board of directors to issue up to 30,000,000 shares of the Company's preferred stock, including convertible preferred stock, without stockholder approval. The board of directors may establish the preferences, rights, and other terms, including the right to vote and the right to convert into common stock any shares issued. The issuance of preferred stock could delay or prevent a tender offer or a change of control even if a tender offer or a change of control was in our security holder's interest. As of December 31, 2012 , 8,000,000 shares of the Company's preferred stock were issued and outstanding, consisting of 4,000,000 shares of the Company's Series G Preferred Stock and 4,000,000 shares of the Company's Series H Preferred Stock; and  19  • The Company's charter states that any director, or the entire board of directors, may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and then only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two thirds of the votes of the Company's capital stock entitled to be cast in the election of directors.  The board of directors may change investment and financing policies without unitholder or stockholder approval, causing us to become more highly leveraged, which may increase our risk of default under our debt obligations.  We are not limited in our ability to incur debt. Our financing policies and objectives are determined by the board of directors. Our goal is to limit our dependence on leverage and maintain a conservative ratio of debt to total market capitalization. However, our organizational documents do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness, funded or otherwise, that we may incur. As of December 31, 2012 , we had approximately $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of indebtedness outstanding, which represented 34.7% of our total market capitalization. Our total debt and the liquidation value of our preferred equity as a percentage of total market capitalization was approximately 38.1% as of December 31, 2012 . In addition, on January 14, 2013, the Operating Partnership issued $300.0 million of 3.8% senior unsecured notes due 2023. See “Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations —Liquidity and Capital Resources of the Company— Capitalization” for a calculation of our market capitalization. These ratios may be increased or decreased without the consent of our unitholders or stockholders. Increases in the amount of debt outstanding would result in an increase in our debt service, which could adversely affect cash flow and our ability to pay dividends and distributions to our security holders. Higher leverage also increases the risk of default on our obligations and limits our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. We may issue additional common units and shares of capital stock without unitholder or stockholder approval, as applicable, which may dilute unitholder or stockholder investment. The Company may issue shares of our common stock, preferred stock, or other equity or debt securities without stockholder approval, including the issuance of shares to satisfy REIT dividend distribution requirements. Similarly, the Operating Partnership may offer its common or preferred units for contributions of cash or property without approval by its unitholders. Further, under certain circumstances, the Company may issue shares of our common stock in exchange for the Operating Partnership's outstanding 4.25% Exchangeable Notes. Existing security holders have no preemptive rights to acquire any of these securities, and any issuance of equity securities under these circumstances may dilute a unitholder's or stockholder's investment. Sales of a substantial number of shares of the Company's securities, or the perception that this could occur, could result in decreasing the quoted trading price per share of the Company's common stock and of the Operating Partnership's publicly-traded notes. Management cannot predict whether future issuances of shares of the Company's common stock or the availability of shares for resale in the open market will result in decreasing the market price per share of the Company's common stock. As of December 31, 2012 , 74,926,981 shares of the Company's common stock and 8,000,000 shares of the Company's preferred stock, consisting of 4,000,000 shares of Series G Preferred Stock and 4,000,000 shares of Series H Preferred Stock, were issued and outstanding.  As of December 31, 2012 , the Company had reserved for future issuance the following shares of common stock: 1,826,503 shares issuable upon the exchange, at the Company's option, of the Operating Partnership's common units; 639,487 shares remained available for grant under our 2006 Incentive Award Plan (see Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements); 1,048,863 shares issuable upon settlement of  RSUs; and 1,540,000 shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding options, as well as 4,800,796 shares potentially issuable under certain circumstances, in exchange for the 4.25% Exchangeable Notes. The Company has a currently effective registration statement registering 1,708,131 shares of our common stock for possible issuance to the holders of the Operating Partnership's common units. That registration statement also registers 306,808 shares of common stock held by certain stockholders for possible resale. The Company also has a currently effective registration statement registering the 4,800,796 shares of our common stock that may potentially be issued in exchange for the Operating Partnership's presently outstanding 4.25% Exchangeable Notes. Consequently, if and when the shares are issued, they may be freely traded in the public markets. Risks Related to Taxes and the Company's Status as a REIT Loss of the Company's REIT status would have significant adverse consequences to us and the value of the Company's common stock. The Company currently operates in a manner that is intended to allow it to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes under the Code. If the Company were to lose its REIT status, the Company would face adverse tax consequences that would substantially reduce the funds available for distribution to its stockholders for each of the years involved because:  • the Company would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to its stockholders in computing the Company's taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates;  • the Company could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; and  20  • unless entitled to relief under statutory provisions, the Company could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which the Company was disqualified. In addition, if the Company failed to qualify as a REIT, it would not be required to make distributions to its stockholders. As a result of all these factors, the Company's failure to qualify as a REIT also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital and could adversely affect the value and quoted trading price of the Company's common stock. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The complexity of these provisions and of the applicable Treasury regulations that have been promulgated under the Code is greater in the case of a REIT that, like the Company, holds its assets through a partnership. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect the Company's ability to continue to qualify as a REIT. For example, to qualify as a REIT, at least 95% of the Company's gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources. Also, the Company must make distributions to its stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of the Company's net taxable income (excluding any net capital gains). In addition, legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations, or court decisions may adversely affect the Company's security holders or the Company's ability to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes or the desirability of an investment in a REIT relative to other investments. Although management believes that we are organized and operate in a manner to permit the Company to continue to qualify as a REIT, we cannot provide assurances that the Company has qualified or will continue to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes.  We have not requested and do not plan to request a ruling from the IRS regarding the Company's qualification as a REIT.  To maintain the Company's REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions. To qualify as a REIT, the Company generally must distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of the Company's net taxable income each year (excluding any net capital gains), and the Company will be subject to regular corporate income taxes to the extent that it distributes less than 100% of its net taxable income each year. In addition, the Company will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions it pays in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of its ordinary income, 95% of its net capital gains, and 100% of its undistributed income from prior years. To maintain the Company's REIT status and avoid the payment of federal income and excise taxes, the Operating Partnership may need to borrow funds and distribute or loan the proceeds to the Company so it can meet the REIT distribution requirements even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. These borrowing needs could result from differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and inclusion of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of nondeductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves, or required debt or amortization payments.  If a transaction intended to qualify as a Section 1031 Exchange is later determined to be taxable, we may face adverse consequences. From time to time we dispose of properties in transactions that are intended to qualify as Section 1031 Exchanges.  If the qualification of a transaction as a Section 1031 Exchange is successfully challenged and determined to be currently taxable, we generally would be required to pay taxes on any gain recognized upon the disposition of the property, including any interest and penalties, for the particular year in question, to the extent such amounts were not otherwise distributed to our stockholders.  In such case, we would have less cash available to distribute to our stockholders and may be required to borrow funds in unfavorable conditions in order to pay such amounts.  In addition, we may be required to amend our tax returns for the applicable year in question, including any information reports we sent to our stockholders.   Dividends payable by REITs, including us, generally do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. “Qualified dividends” payable to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts and estates generally are subject to tax at preferential rates. Subject to limited exceptions, dividends payable by REITs are not eligible for these reduced rates and are taxable at ordinary income tax rates. The more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including the shares of our capital stock.   The tax imposed on REITs engaging in “prohibited transactions” may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes. A REIT's net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% penalty tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the IRS would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors. 21   Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments. To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our capital stock. If we fail to comply with one or more of the asset tests at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. In order to meet these tests, we may be required to forego investments we might otherwise make or to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our performance and reduce amounts available for distribution to our stockholders.   Legislative or regulatory action could adversely affect us. In recent years, numerous legislative, judicial and administrative changes have been made to the federal income tax laws applicable to investments in REITs and similar entities. Additional changes to tax laws are likely to continue to occur in the future, and any such changes may impact our ability to qualify as a REIT, our tax treatment as a REIT or the tax treatment of our stockholders.   ITEM 1B.\""
