[1] "[1] \"ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS  Any investment in our common stock involves a highdegree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertaintiesdescribed below and the other information included in this Form 10-Kbefore purchasing our common stock. Although the risks described below are therisks that we believe are material, they are not the only risks relating to ourbusiness and our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties, includingthose that are not yet identified or that we currently believe are immaterial,may also adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results ofoperations. If any of the events described below occur, our business andfinancial results could be materially and adversely affected. The market priceof our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, perhapssignificantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment.  Company Risks  Wehave a history of losses, and we may incur losses again.  Although we reported net income of approximately$6,898,000, $7,607,000 and $8,111,000 for the years ended December 31,2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively, we have a history of losses with only sixprofitable years since 1998.  In 2005, wehad net income (before dividend requirements on preferred stock) of approximately$6,201,000, in 2004, we had net income (before dividend requirements onpreferred stock) of approximately $2,868,000, and in 2003 we had net income(before dividend requirements on preferred stock) of approximately $555,000.Our ability to be profitable in the future will depend on many factors beyondour control, but primarily on the level of demand for land-based seismic dataacquisition services by oil and natural gas exploration and developmentcompanies.  Even if we do achieveprofitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on aquarterly or annual basis.  The current economic downturn could adverselyaffect our revenues and cash flows  The current economic downturn could adversely affectour revenues and cash flows if our customers, and/or potential customers,become unable to pay or must delay payment of, amounts owing to the Companybecause such customers are not successful in generating revenues or areprecluded from securing necessary financing.  Our revenues and operating results can be expected tofluctuate from period to period.  Our revenues, operating results, and profitability mayfluctuate from period to period. These fluctuations are attributable to thelevel of new business in a particular period, the timing of the initiation,progress, or cancellation of significant projects, higher revenues and expenseson our dynamite contracts, and costs we incur to train new crews we may add inthe future to meet increased customer demand. Fluctuations in our operating resultsmay also be affected by other factors that are outside of our control such aspermit delays, weather delays, and crew productivity. Oil and natural gasprices were highly volatile during the year ended December 31, 2008, andhave resulted in demand fluctuations for our services. There can be noassurance of future oil and gas price levels or stability.  The demand for our services will be adverselyaffected by a significant reduction in oil and natural gas prices. Since ourbusiness has high fixed costs, the negative effect of one or more of thesefactors could trigger wide variations in our operating revenues, EBITDA margin,and profitability from quarter to quarter, which factors renderquarter-to-quarter comparisons unreliable as an indicator of performance.  Due to the factors discussed above, youshould not expect sequential growth in our quarterly revenues andprofitability.  5 Tableof Contents  We are dependent upon significant customers.  During 2008, our two largest customers accounted forapproximately 27% of revenues.  During2007 our two largest customers accounted for approximately 22% ofrevenues.  During 2006 no customeraccounted for 10% of our revenues.  Inthe past we have derived a significant amount of our revenues from a smallnumber of oil and natural gas exploration and development companies.  While our revenues are derived from aconcentrated customer base, our significant customers vary between years. If welose one or more major customers in the future, or if one or more customersencounter financial difficulties, our business, financial condition, andresults of operations could be materially and adversely affected.  Wereceive revenues from customers who engage consultants for processing andinterpreting the seismic data we provide.  We receive revenues from customers who have engagedconsultants to process and interpret the seismic data provided by us. Consultantscan have an influence in determining which company its customers use to acquireseismic data. A consultant could recommend that its customers consider usingother seismic companies.  Weface intense competition in our business from companies with greater financialresources.  The seismic data acquisition services industry is ahighly competitive business in the continental U.S. Our competitors includecompanies with financial resources that are significantly greater than our ownas well as companies of comparable and smaller size.  Technologicalchange in our business creates risks of technological obsolescence andrequirements for future capital expenditures. If we are unable to keep up withthese technological advances, we may not be able to compete effectively.  Seismic data acquisition technologies historicallyhave steadily improved and progressed, and we expect this progression tocontinue. Our strategy is to upgrade our seismic data acquisition equipment ona regular basis to maintain our competitive position. However, since we are ina capital intensive industry and have limitations on our ability to obtain thefinancing necessary to enable us to purchase state-of-the-art equipment, someof our competitors may be able to purchase newer equipment when we may not beable to do so.  Weare dependent on our management team and key employees, and the loss of any ofthem could harm our business.  We have limited management depth with the result thatthe loss, whether by death, departure, or illness, of Wayne A. Whitener, ourPresident and Chief Executive Officer, or other senior executives, could have amaterial adverse effect on the ability of management to continue operations atthe same level of efficiency. We have key man insurance on the life of ourPresident and Chief Executive Officer so that, in the event of his untimelydeath, we would receive insurance proceeds of $1,000,000 under this policy.  Certain members of our management team are not subject toemployment or non-competition agreements and may leave our employment at anytime.  None of the members of our management team, other thanour President and Chief Executive Officer, are subject to employment agreementsor non-competition agreements; therefore, any of these members of ourmanagement team could leave upon little or no notice which could have amaterial adverse effect on our management<U+0092>s ability to continue operations atthe same level of effectiveness. Additionally, the lack of non-competitionagreements would allow these members of our management team to immediatelybegin working for one of our competitors upon the termination of theirrelationship with us. This could have a negative impact on our strategic planand our relationships with customers.  6 Tableof Contents  We extend credit to our customers without requiringcollateral, and a default by a customer could have a material adverse effect onour operating revenues.  We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers<U+0092>financial conditions and, generally, require no collateral from our customers.A default in payment from one of these large customers could have a materialadverse effect on our operating revenues for the period involved.  Certainof our core assets are pledged as collateral for short term notes that requirelarge monthly payments.  Certain assets that are critical to our operations,including two of our ARAM ARIES recording systems and 13 vibration vehicles arepledged as collateral to our equipment lenders and commercial banks and couldbe subject to foreclosure in the event that we default on our indebtednesshaving 36 to 57 month terms. We currently have debt obligations covering the purchaseof two of our eight ARAM ARIES recording systems that require monthly paymentsbetween approximately $86,000 and $108,000 for the seventh ARAM ARIES recordingsystem, and between approximately $80,000 and $98,000 for the eighth ARAM ARIESrecording system.  These debt obligationsmature in December 2011 and October 2012, respectively.  The Company also has debt obligationscovering the purchase of five vibration vehicles requiring monthly paymentsbetween approximately $56,000 and $65,000, and the purchase of eight vibrationvehicles, requiring monthly payments of approximately $50,000.  These debt obligations mature in August 2011and February 2013, respectively. Any decline in our operations could inhibit our ability to make thesesubstantial monthly payments. In light of the short terms of these notes, afailure to make the monthly payments on these notes could cause our lenders topromptly foreclose on the assets securing these notes. The foreclosure oncertain of our core assets securing these notes could severely limit ourability to continue operations.  Wemay be subject to liability claims that are not covered by our insurance.  Our business is subject to the general risks inherentin land-based seismic data acquisition activities. Our activities are oftenconducted in remote areas under dangerous conditions, including the detonation of dynamite. These operations are subjectto risks of injury to personnel and equipment. Our crews are mobile, andequipment and personnel are subject to vehicular accidents. These risks couldcause us to experience equipment losses, injuries to our personnel, andinterruptions in our business.  In addition, we could be subject to personal injury orreal property damage claims in the normal operation of our business. Suchclaims may not be covered under the indemnification provisions contained in ourgeneral service agreements to the extent that the damage is due to ournegligence or intentional misconduct.  We do not carry insurance against certain risks thatcould cause losses, including business interruption resulting from equipmentmaintenance or weather delays. We obtain insurance against certain property andpersonal casualty risks and other risks when such insurance is available andwhen our management considers it advisable to do so. Our current insurancecoverage consists of employers liability with limits of $1,000,000 per accidentand $2,000,000 in the aggregate, commercial general liability of $1,000,000 peraccident and $2,000,000 in the aggregate, pollution liability of $1,000,000 peraccident and $2,000,000 in the aggregate, and automobile liability with a$1,000,000 combined single limit, and a $10,000,000 umbrella policy.  Our general service agreements require us to havespecific amounts of insurance. There can be no assurance, however, that anyinsurance obtained by us will be adequate to cover all losses or liabilities orthat this insurance will continue to be available or available on terms whichare acceptable to us. Liabilities for which we are not insured, or which exceedthe policy limits of our applicable insurance, could have a materially adverseeffect on us.  We are subjectto the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we areunable to maintain compliance with Section 404 or if the costs related tomaintaining compliance are significant, our profitability, stock price, andresults of operations and financial condition could be materially adverselyaffected.  If we are unable to maintain adequate internalcontrols, in accordance with Section 404, as such standards are amended,supplemented, or modified from time to time, we may not be able to ensure thatwe have effective  7 Tableof Contents  internal controls overfinancial reporting in accordance with Section 404 on an ongoingbasis.  Failure to achieve and maintaineffective internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our stockprice.  In addition, a material weaknessin the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting couldresult in an increased chance of fraud and the loss of customers, reduce ourability to obtain financing, and/or require additional expenditures to complywith these requirements, each of which could negatively impact our business,profitability, and financial condition.  Industry Risks  We and our customers may be adverselyaffected by the current economic downturn.  A slowing of the economy, and certainly a recession, could have amaterial adverse effect on our financial results and proposed plan ofoperations.  Either could lead to furthersignificant fluctuations in the demand for and pricing of oil and gas.  Reduced demand and pricing pressures couldadversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of ourcustomers and their ability to purchase our services.  We are not able to predict the timing,extent, and duration of the economic cycles in the markets in which we operate.  Wederive all of our revenues from companies in the oil and natural gasexploration and development industry, a historically cyclical industry, withlevels of activity that are significantly affected by the levels and volatilityof oil and natural gas prices.  Any prolonged reduction in the overall level ofexploration and development activities, whether resulting from changes in oiland natural gas prices or otherwise, could adversely impact us in many ways bynegatively affecting:  ·   ·   ·   ·   Worldwide political, economic, and military eventshave contributed to oil and natural gas price volatility and are likely tocontinue to do so in the future. Depending on the market prices of oil andnatural gas, oil and natural gas exploration and development companies maycancel or curtail their drilling programs, thereby reducing demand for ourservices. Oil and natural gas prices have been highly volatile historicallyand, we believe, will continue to be so in the future. Many factors beyond ourcontrol affect oil and natural gas prices, including:  ·   ·   ·   ·   ·   ·   ·   ·   ·   8 Tableof Contents  ·   ·   ·   ·   Thehigh fixed costs of our operations could result in operating losses.  Companies within our industry are typically subject tohigh fixed costs which consist primarily of depreciation (a non-cash item) andmaintenance expenses associated with seismic data acquisition and equipment andcrew costs. In addition, ongoing maintenance capital expenditures, as well asnew equipment investment, can be significant. As a result, any extended periodsof significant downtime or low productivity caused by reduced demand, weatherinterruptions, equipment failures, permit delays, or other causes couldadversely affect the results of our operations.  Ouroperations are subject to delays related to obtaining land access rights of wayfrom third parties which could affect our results of operations.  Our seismic data acquisition operations could beadversely affected by our inability to obtain timely right of way usage fromboth public and private land and/or mineral owners. Delays associated withobtaining such rights of way could negatively affect our results of operations.  Ourbusiness is subject to government regulation which may adversely affect ourfuture operations.  Our operations are subject to a variety of federal,state, and local laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relatingto the protection of the environment and archeological sites. We are requiredto expend financial and managerial resources to comply with such laws andrelated permit requirements in our operations, and we anticipate that we willcontinue to be required to do so in the future. Although such expenditureshistorically have not been material to us, the fact that such laws orregulations change frequently makes it impossible for us to predict the cost orimpact of such laws and regulations on our future operations. The adoption oflaws and regulations that have the effect of reducing or curtailing explorationand development activities by energy companies could also adversely affect ouroperations by reducing the demand for our services.  Risks RelatedTo Our Common Stock  Our common stock has experienced, and may continue toexperience, price volatility and low trading volume.  Our stock price is subject to significant volatility.Overall market conditions including a decline in oil and natural gas prices, inaddition to other risks and uncertainties described in this <U+0093>Risk Factors<U+0094>section and elsewhere in this Form 10-K, could cause the market price ofour common stock to fall. The high and low sales prices of our common stock forthe year ended December 31, 2008, were $10.17 and $1.05, respectively.  Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Stock MarketLLC under the symbol <U+0093>TGE.<U+0094> However, daily trading volumes for our common stockare, and may continue to be, relatively small compared to many other publiclytraded securities. For example, during 2008, our daily trading volume was aslow as 4,800 shares.  Since November 6,2007, when we began trading on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, our daily tradingvolume has been as low as 2,800 shares. In addition, our common stock traded on the NYSE Alternext US (formerlythe American Stock Exchange) under the symbol <U+0093>TGE<U+0094> from April 18, 2005until November 5, 2007.  During thisperiod of time our daily trading volume was as low as 1,600 shares.  It may be difficult for you to sell yourshares in the public market at any given time at prevailing prices, and theprice of our common stock may, therefore, be volatile.  9 Tableof Contents  Our officers and directors own a large percentage of ourcommon stock, and they may exercise control over our business and affairs.  Our officers and directors as a group beneficially ownapproximately 28.7% of our common stock. As a result, they will continue to beable to exercise significant influence, and in most cases control, over mattersrequiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors, changes toour charter documents, and significant corporate transactions. Thisconcentration of ownership makes it unlikely that any other holder or group ofholders of our common stock will be able to affect the way we are managed orthe direction of our business. The continued concentrated ownership of ourcommon stock will make it difficult for another company to acquire us and foryou to receive any related takeover premium for your shares (unless thecontrolling group approves the acquisition).  Certainprovisions of our Restated Articles of Incorporation may make it difficult fora third party to acquire us or may adversely impact your rights as a commonshareholder.  Our Restated Articles of Incorporation containprovisions that require the approval of holders of 80% of our issued andoutstanding shares before we can enter into a merger or other businesscombination or sell all or substantially all of our assets. Additionally, if weincrease the size of our board from the current six to nine directors, we couldbe required to stagger our directors<U+0092> terms, and our directors could not beremoved without approval of holders of 80% of our issued and outstanding shares.These provisions could discourage or impede a tender offer, proxy contest, orother similar transaction involving control of us.  In addition, our board of directors has the right toissue preferred stock upon such terms and conditions as it deems to be in thebest interest of the Company. The terms of such preferred stock may adverselyimpact the dividend and liquidation rights of the common shareholders withoutthe approval of the common shareholders.  Wedo not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeablefuture, and therefore only appreciation of the price of our common stock willprovide a return to our shareholders.  While there are currently no restrictions prohibitingus from paying dividends to our shareholders, we have not paid any cashdividends on our common stock in the past, and we do not anticipate paying anydividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of any cash dividends in thefuture, however, is in the discretion of our board of directors and will dependon our financial condition, results of operations, capital and legalrequirements, and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors.Earnings, if any, are expected to be retained to fund our future operations.  ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVEDSTAFF COMMENTS\""
