[1] "[1] \"Item 1A. Risk    Factors. We may    not be able to achieve some or all of the strategic objectives    that we expected to achieve in connection with the spin-off of    Patriot Coal Corporation in October 2007. If a    substantial portion of our long-term coal supply agreements    terminate, our revenues and operating profits could suffer if we    are unable to find alternate buyers willing to purchase our coal    on comparable terms to those in our contracts. and/or The    loss of, or significant reduction in, purchases by our largest    customers could adversely affect our revenues. If    transportation for our coal becomes unavailable or uneconomic    for our customers, our ability to sell coal could    suffer. 12-month Risks    inherent to mining could increase the cost of operating our    business. Concerns    about the environmental impacts of coal combustion, including    perceived impacts on global climate change, are resulting in    increased regulation of coal combustion in many jurisdictions,    and interest in further regulation, which could significantly    affect demand for our products. 2009-10, Our    mining operations are extensively regulated, which imposes    significant costs on us, and future regulations and developments    could increase those costs or limit our ability to produce    coal. and/or and/or Our    expenditures for postretirement benefit and pension obligations    could be materially higher than we have predicted if our    underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect. A    decrease in the availability or increase in costs of key    supplies, capital equipment or commodities such as diesel fuel,    steel, explosives and tires could decrease our anticipated    profitability. off-the-road Our    future success depends upon our ability to continue acquiring    and developing coal reserves that are economically    recoverable. A    decrease in our production of metallurgical coal could decrease    our anticipated profitability. Our    financial performance could be adversely affected by our    debt. The    covenants in our senior unsecured credit facility and the    indentures governing our senior notes and convertible debentures    impose restrictions that may limit our operating and financial    flexibility. Our    operations could be adversely affected if we fail to    appropriately secure our obligations. The    conversion of our convertible debentures may result in the    dilution of the ownership interests of our existing    stockholders. Provisions    of our convertible debentures could discourage an acquisition of    us by a third-party. An    inability of brokerage sources to fulfill the delivery terms of    their contracts with us could reduce our    profitability. If the    coal industry experiences overcapacity in the future, our    profitability could be impaired. We    could be negatively affected if we fail to maintain satisfactory    labor relations. United    States Labor Relations Australia    Labor Relations Our    ability to operate our company effectively could be impaired if    we lose key personnel or fail to attract qualified    personnel. Our    ability to collect payments from our customers could be impaired    if their creditworthiness deteriorates. Our    certificate of incorporation and by-laws include provisions that    may discourage a takeover attempt. Growth    in our global operations increases our risks unique to    international mining and trading operations. As we    continue to pursue development of Generation Development and Btu    Conversion activities, we face challenges and risks that differ    from those in our mining business. The    implementation of our new enterprise resource planning system    carries certain risks, including the potential for business    interruption, and the associated adverse impact. day-to-day Diversity    in interpretation and application of accounting literature in    the mining industry may impact our reported financial    results. Item 1B.\""
