[1] "[1] \"Item1A. Risk Factors.  Risinginterest rates may hurt our profits and asset values.  Inresponse to improving economic conditions, the Federal Reserve Board’s Open Market Committee has slowly increased its federalfunds rate target from a range of 0.00% - 0.25% that was in effect for several years to the current target range of 1.75% - 2.00%that was in effect at June 30, 2018.  Ifinterest rates continue to rise, our net interest income may decline in the short term since, due to the generally shorter termsof interest-bearing liabilities, interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities, increases more quickly than interest incomeearned on interest-earning assets, such as loans and investments. In addition, a continuation of rising interest rates may hurtour income because of reduced demand for new loans, the demand for refinancing loans and the interest and fee income earned onnew loans and refinancings. While we believe that modest interest rate increases will not significantly hurt our interest ratespread over the long term due to our high level of liquidity and the presence of a significant amount of adjustable-rate mortgageloans in our loan portfolio, interest rate increases may initially reduce our interest rate spread until such time as our loansand investments reprice to higher levels.  Changesin interest rates also affect the value of our interest-earning assets, and in particular our securities portfolio. Generally,the value of fixed-rate securities fluctuates inversely with changes in interest rates. Unrealized gains and losses on securitiesavailable for sale are reported as separate components of equity. Decreases in the fair value of securities available for saleresulting from increases in interest rates therefore could have an adverse effect on stockholders’ equity.  Wemay be adversely affected by recent changes in U.S. tax laws and regulations.  Changesin tax laws contained in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which was enacted in December 2017, include a number of provisions thatwill have an impact on the banking industry, borrowers and the market for residential real estate. Included in this legislationwas a reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. In addition, other changes included: (i) a lower limiton the deductibility of mortgage interest on single-family residential mortgage loans, (ii) the elimination of interest deductionsfor home equity loans, (iii) a limitation on the deductibility of business interest expense and (iv) a limitation on the deductibilityof property taxes and state and local income taxes.  Therecent changes in the tax laws may have an adverse effect on the market for, and valuation of, residential properties, and onthe demand for such loans in the future, and could make it harder for borrowers to make their loan payments. If home ownershipbecomes less attractive, demand for mortgage loans could decrease. The value of the properties securing loans in our loan portfoliomay be adversely impacted as a result of the changing economics of home ownership, which could require an increase in our provisionfor loan losses, which would reduce our profitability and could materially adversely affect our business, financial conditionand results of operations.  Alarger percentage of our loans are collateralized by real estate and disruptions in the real estate market may result in lossesand hurt our earnings.  Approximately95.8% of our loan portfolio at June 30, 2018 was comprised of loans collateralized by real estate. Disruptions in the real estatemarket could significantly impair the value of our collateral and our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure. The realestate collateral in each case provides an alternate source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower and may deterioratein value during the time the credit is extended. If real estate values decline, it will become more likely that we would be requiredto increase our allowance for loan losses. If during a period of reduced real estate values, we are required to liquidate thecollateral securing a loan to satisfy the debt or to increase our allowance for loan losses, it could materially reduce our profitabilityand adversely affect our financial condition.  Strongcompetition within our market areas could hurt our profits and slow growth.  Althoughwe consider ourselves competitive in our market areas, we face intense competition both in making loans and attracting deposits.Price competition for loans and deposits might result in our earning less on our loans and paying more on our deposits, whichreduces net interest income. Some of the institutions with which we compete have substantially greater resources than we haveand may offer services that we do not provide. We expect competition to increase in the future as a result of legislative, regulatoryand technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial services industry. Our profitability willdepend upon our continued ability to compete successfully in our market areas.  Thedistressed economy in First Federal of Hazard’s market area could hurt our profits and slow our growth.  FirstFederal of Hazard’s market area consists of Perry and surrounding counties in eastern Kentucky. The economy in this marketarea has been distressed in recent years due to the decline in the coal industry on which the economy has been dependent. Whilethe region has seen improvement in the economy from the influx of other industries, such as health care and manufacturing, thecompetition provided by new methods of extracting natural gas has recently hurt the coal industry. As a consequence, the economyin First Federal of Hazard’s market area continues to lag behind the economies of Kentucky and the United States and FirstFederal of Hazard has experienced insufficient loan demand in its market area. Moreover, the slow economy in First Federal ofHazard’s market area will limit our ability to grow our asset base in that market.  Regulationof the financial services industry is undergoing major changes, and we may be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations.  Weare subject to extensive government regulation, supervision and examination. Such regulation, supervision and examination governsthe activities in which we may engage, and is intended primarily for the protection of the deposit insurance fund and our depositors.  In2010 and 2011, in response to the financial crisis and recession that began in 2008, significant regulatory and legislative changesresulted in broad reform and increased regulation affecting financial institutions. The Dodd-Frank Act has created a significantshift in the way financial institutions operate and has restructured the regulation of depository institutions by merging theOffice of Thrift Supervision, which previously regulated the Banks, into the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and assigningthe regulation of savings and loan holding companies, including the Company and the MHC, to the Federal Reserve Board. The Dodd-FrankAct also created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to administer consumer protection and fair lending laws, a functionthat was formerly performed by the depository institution regulators. As required by the Dodd-Frank Act, the federal banking regulatorshave proposed new consolidated capital requirements that will limit our ability to borrow at the holding company level and investthe proceeds from such borrowings as capital in the Banks that could be leveraged to support additional growth. The Dodd-FrankAct contains various other provisions designed to enhance the regulation of depository institutions and prevent the recurrenceof a financial crisis such as that which occurred in 2008 and 2009. The full impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on our business andoperations may not be known for years until final regulations implementing the legislation are adopted. The Dodd-Frank Act mayhave a material impact on our operations, particularly through increased regulatory burden and compliance costs. Any future legislativechanges could have a material impact on our profitability, the value of assets held for investment or the value of collateralfor loans. Future legislative changes could also require changes to business practices and potentially expose us to additionalcosts, liabilities, enforcement action and reputational risk.  Inaddition to the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act, the federal regulatory agencies recently have begun to take stronger supervisoryactions against financial institutions that have experienced increased loan losses and other weaknesses as a result of the recenteconomic crisis. These actions include the entering into of written agreements and cease and desist orders that place certainlimitations on their operations. Federal banking regulators recently have also been using with more frequency their ability toimpose individual minimal capital requirements on banks, which requirements may be higher than those imposed under the Dodd-FrankAct or which would otherwise qualify the bank as being “well capitalized” under the Office of the Comptroller of theCurrency’s prompt corrective action regulations. If we were to become subject to a supervisory agreement or higher individualcapital requirements, such action may have a negative impact on our ability to execute our business plans, as well as our abilityto grow, pay dividends, repurchase stock or engage in mergers and acquisitions and may result in restrictions in our operations.See “Regulation and Supervision—Regulation of Federal Savings Institutions—Capital Requirements”for a discussion of regulatory capital requirements.  Weexpect that our return on equity will be low compared to other companies as a result of our high level of capital.  Returnon average equity, which equals net income divided by average equity, is a ratio used by many investors to compare the performanceof a particular company with other companies. For the year ended June 30, 2018, our return on average equity was 1.97%. We maymanage excess capital through a stock repurchase program when cash availability and market prices make such purchases appropriate.Our goal of generating a return on average equity that is competitive with other publicly-held subsidiaries of mutual holdingcompanies, by increasing earnings per share and book value per share, without assuming undue risk, could take a number of yearsto achieve, and we cannot assure that our goal will be attained. Consequently, you should not expect a competitive return on averageequity in the near future. Failure to achieve a competitive return on average equity might make an investment in our common stockunattractive to some investors and might cause our common stock to trade at lower prices than comparable companies with higherreturns on average equity.  Wemay be subject to more stringent capital requirements.  InJuly 2013, the OCC and the Federal Reserve Board approved a new rule that will substantially amend the regulatory risk-based capitalrules applicable to First Federal of Hazard, First Federal of Kentucky and Kentucky First. The final rule implements the “BaselIII” regulatory capital reforms and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rule includes new minimum risk-basedcapital and leverage ratios, which became effective for First Federal of Hazard, First Federal of Kentucky and Kentucky Firston January 1, 2015, and refines the definition of what constitutes “capital” for purposes of calculating these ratios.The new minimum capital requirements are: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assetscapital ratio of 6% (increased from 4%); (iii) a total capital ratio of 8% (unchanged from current rules); and (iv) a Tier 1 leverageratio of 4%. The final rule also establishes a “capital conservation” buffer of 2.5%, and will result in the followingminimum ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7%; (ii) a Tier 1 to risk-based assets capital ratio of 8.5%; and(iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5%. The new capital conservation buffer requirement is being phased in beginning in January2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and will increase each year until fully implemented in January 2019. An institution willbe subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if its capitallevel falls below the buffer amount. These limitations will establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that canbe utilized for such actions.  Theapplication of more stringent capital requirements for us could among other things, result in lower returns on equity, requirethe raising of additional capital, and result in regulatory actions constraining us from paying dividends or repurchasing sharesif we were unable to comply with such requirements. See “Regulation and Supervision—Regulation of Federal SavingsInstitutions—Capital Requirements.”  Additionalannual employee compensation and benefit expenses may reduce our profitability and stockholders’ equity.  Wewill continue to recognize employee compensation and benefit expenses for employees and executives under our benefit plans. Withregard to the employee stock ownership plan, applicable accounting practices require that the expense be based on the fair marketvalue of the shares of common stock at specific points in the future, therefore we will recognize expenses for our employee stockownership plan when shares are committed to be released to participants’ accounts. In addition, employees of both subsidiaryBanks participate in a defined-benefit plan through Pentegra. Costs associated with the defined-benefit plans could increase orlegislation could be enacted that would increase the Banks’ obligations under the plan or change the methods the Banks usein accounting for the plans. Those changes could adversely affect personnel expense and the Company’s balance sheet.  FirstFederal MHC owns a majority of our common stock and is able to exercise voting control over most matters put to a vote of stockholders,including preventing sale or merger transactions you may like or a second-step conversion by First Federal MHC.  FirstFederal MHC owns a majority of our common stock and, through its Board of Directors, is able to exercise voting control over mostmatters put to a vote of stockholders. As a federally chartered mutual holding company, the board of directors of First FederalMHC must ensure that the interests of depositors of First Federal of Hazard are represented and considered in matters put to avote of stockholders of Kentucky First. Therefore, the votes cast by First Federal MHC may not be in your personal best interestsas a stockholder. For example, First Federal MHC may exercise its voting control to prevent a sale or merger transaction in whichstockholders could receive a premium for their shares, prevent a second-step conversion transaction by First Federal MHC or defeata stockholder nominee for election to the Board of Directors of Kentucky First. However, implementation of a stock-based incentiveplan will require approval of Kentucky First’s stockholders other than First Federal MHC. Federal Reserve Board regulationswould likely prevent an acquisition of Kentucky First other than by another mutual holding company or a mutual institution.  Theremay be a limited market for our common stock which may lower our stock price.  Althoughour shares of common stock are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, there is no guarantee that the shares will be regularly traded.If an active trading market for our common stock does not develop, you may not be able to sell all of your shares of common stockon short notice and the sale of a large number of shares at one time could temporarily depress the market price.  Ourability to pay dividends is subject to the ability of First Federal of Hazard and First Federal of Kentucky to make capital distributionsto Kentucky First and the waiver of dividends by First Federal MHC.  Ourlong-term ability to pay dividends to our stockholders is based primarily upon the ability of the Banks to make capital distributionsto Kentucky First, and also on the availability of cash at the holding company level in the event earnings are not sufficientto pay dividends according to the cash dividend payout policy. Under Office of the Comptroller of the Currency safe harbor regulations,the Banks may each distribute to Kentucky First capital not exceeding net retained income for the current calendar year and theprior two calendar years. First Federal MHC owns a majority of Kentucky First’s outstanding stock. First Federal MHC hashistorically waived its right to dividends on the Kentucky First common shares it owns, in which case the amount of dividendspaid to public stockholders is significantly higher than it would be if First Federal MHC accepted dividends. First Federal MHCis not required to waive dividends, but Kentucky First expects this practice to continue, subject to member and regulatory approvalannually. First Federal MHC is required to obtain a waiver from the Federal Reserve Board allowing it to waive its right to dividends.  TheFederal Reserve Board in 2011 issued regulations that govern the activities of Kentucky First and First Federal MHC and the regulationswere implemented in the fourth quarter of 2011. Under Section 239.8(d) of the Federal Reserve Board’s Regulation MM governingdividend waivers, a mutual holding company may waive its right to dividends on shares of its subsidiary if the mutual holdingcompany gives written notice of the waiver to the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Board does not object. For a companysuch as First Federal MHC that waived dividends prior to December 1, 2009, the Federal Reserve Board may not object to a dividendwaiver if such waiver would not be detrimental to the safety and soundness of the savings association subsidiary and the boardof directors of the mutual holding company expressly determines that such dividend waiver is consistent with the board’sfiduciary duties to the members of the mutual holding company.  Toaddress concerns with respect to the conflict of interest created by dividend waivers, Regulation MM requires the board of directorsof the mutual holding company to adopt a resolution that describes the conflict of interest that exists because of a director’sownership of stock in the subsidiary declaring the dividends and any actions the mutual holding company board have taken to eliminatethe conflict of interest, such as the directors’ waiving their right to receive dividends. Also, the resolution must containan affirmation that a majority of the mutual members eligible to vote have, within the 12 months prior to the declaration dateof the dividend, voted to approve the waiver of dividends.  FirstFederal MHC has received Federal Reserve Board approval to waive quarterly dividends totaling $0.40 per share annually beginningwith the dividend paid on September 28, 2012 and continuing through the dividend payable in the third quarter of 2019. It is expectedthat First Federal MHC will continue to waive future dividends, except to the extent dividends are needed to fund First FederalMHC’s continuing operations, subject to the ability of First Federal MHC to obtain regulatory approval of its requests towaive dividends and to its ability to obtain member approval of dividend waivers.  Wecannot predict whether members will continue to approve annual dividend waiver requests or whether the Federal Reserve Board willgrant future dividend waiver requests and, if granted, there can be no assurance as to the conditions, if any, the Federal ReserveBoard will place on future dividend waiver requests by grandfathered mutual holding companies such as First Federal MHC. If FirstFederal MHC is unable to waive the receipt of dividends, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders may be substantiallyimpaired and the amounts of any such dividends may be significantly reduced.  Weare subject to certain risks in connection with our use of technology.  Oursecurity measures may not be sufficient to mitigate the risk of a cyber attack. Communications and information systems areessential to the conduct of our business, as we use such systems to manage our customer relationships, our general ledger andvirtually all other aspects of our business. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidentialand other information in our computer systems and networks. Although we take protective measures and endeavor to modify them ascircumstances warrant, the security of our computer systems, software, and networks may be vulnerable to breaches, unauthorizedaccess, misuse, computer viruses, or other malicious code and cyber attacks that could have a security impact. If one or moreof these events occur, this could jeopardize our or our customers’ confidential and other information processed and storedin, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operationsor the operations of our customers or counterparties. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to modifyour protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, and we may be subject to litigationand financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. We couldalso suffer significant reputational damage.  Securitybreaches in our Internet banking activities could further expose us to possible liability and damage our reputation. Any compromiseof our security also could deter customers from using our Internet banking services that involve the transmission of confidentialinformation. We rely on standard Internet security systems to provide the security and authentication necessary to effect securetransmission of data. These precautions may not protect our systems from compromises or breaches of our security measures, whichcould result in significant legal liability and significant damage to our reputation and our business.  Oursecurity measures may not protect us from systems failures or interruptions. While we have established policies and proceduresto prevent or limit the impact of systems failures and interruptions, there can be no assurance that such events will not occuror that they will be adequately addressed if they do. In addition, we outsource certain aspects of our data processing and otheroperational functions to certain third-party providers. If our third-party providers encounter difficulties, or if we have difficultyin communicating with them, our ability to adequately process and account for transactions could be affected, and our businessoperations could be adversely impacted. Threats to information security also exist in the processing of customer information throughvarious other vendors and their personnel.  Theoccurrence of any failures or interruptions may require us to identify alternative sources of such services, and we cannot assureyou that we could negotiate terms that are as favorable to us, or could obtain services with similar functionality as found inour existing systems without the need to expend substantial resources, if at all. Further, the occurrence of any systems failureor interruption could damage our reputation and result in a loss of customers and business, could subject us to additional regulatoryscrutiny, or could expose us to legal liability. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our financialcondition and results of operations.   Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.\""
