[1] "[1] \"Item 1A. RISK      FACTORS We have certain environmentalremediation liabilitiesassociated with our Port Gamble property,and those liabilitiesmay increase.  We own certain real estate at Port Gamble on theKitsap Peninsula in western Washington.  We are party to an agreementwith P&T, pursuant to which we, along with P&T, allocated responsibilityfor cleanup costs.  Under Washington law, both Pope Resources andP&T are “potentially liable persons” based on ownership and/or operation ofthe site.  These laws provide for joint and several liability amongparties owning or operating property on which contamination occurs, meaning thatcleanup costs can be assessed against any or all such parties.  Ouragreement with P&T was intended to apportion responsibility based on thisprinciple, with P&T bearing the larger share of responsibility based upontheir role in operating the site and upon their relatively lengthyownership. We have certain environmentalremediation liabilities associated with our Port Gamble property , and those liabilitiesmay increase.  15  Inresponse to an October 2007 bankruptcy filing by P&T in Canada and aNovember 2007 Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing by P&T in the United States werecorded a $1.9 million charge to earnings in the fourth quarter of 2007 toincrease our environmental remediation liability for PortGamble.   This charge reflects P&T’s inability to completetheir portion of the remediation that had not been completed.  In May2008, a bankruptcy judge approved a request from P&T to convert the Chapter11 reorganization to a Chapter 7 liquidation plan. In August 2008, this wassubsequently converted to Chapter 15 liquidation of the remaining P&Tassets. We are in active discussions with the Washington State Department ofEcology to promote protection of the environment, optimize and appropriatelyallocate the remaining cleanup liabilities, and maximize our control over theremediation process. Managementcontinues to monitor the Port Gamble cleanup process closely.  The$1.6 million remediation liability balance as of December 31, 2008 representsour best current estimate of theremaining cleanup cost and most likely outcome to various contingencies withinthe overall project.  However the balance is based upon a number ofestimates and judgments that may change as the project progresses.  We may incur liabilities as a resultof natural disasters that may occur, or be alleged to have occurred, onproperties adjacent to our timberland. During periods of unusually heavyrain and snowmelt, flooding and mudslides may damage homes and personalproperty. Some of these incidents may happen down slope from and/or adjacent toour tree farms. While management believes we follow sound management and riskmitigation procedures, and all forest operations meet or exceed the rules andregulations governing forest practices in the State of Washington, we cannot becertain that we will not be the subject of claims based on allegations that weacted improperly in managing our property. These claims may take the form ofindividual or class action litigation, regulatory or enforcement proceedings, orboth. Any such claims could likely result in substantial defense costs and coulddivert management’s attention from the ongoing operation of our business, and ifany such claims were successful, could result in substantial damages awards infavor of property owners, fines or civil money penalties imposed by forestryregulators, or both. We may incur liabilities as a resultof natural disasters that may occur, or be alleged to have occurred, onproperties adjacent to our timberland. We compete with a number of largercompetitors that may be better able than we to absorb the effects of pricefluctuations, may be able to expend greater resources on production, may havegreater access to capital, and may operate more efficiently than wecan.  We compete against much larger companies in each of ourbusiness segments.  We compete with these companies for management andline personnel, as well as for purchases of relatively scarce capital assetssuch as land and standing timber and for sales of our products.  Theselarger competitors may have access to larger amounts of capital andsignificantly greater economies of scale, and they may be better able to absorbthe risks of our line of business.  Moreover, the timber industry hasexperienced significant consolidation in recent years and, as that consolidationoccurs, our relative market share decreases and the relative financial capacityof our competitors’ increases.  While management believes thePartnership is at a competitive advantage over some of these companies becauseof our lack of vertical integration into forest products manufacturing, ouradvantageous tax structure, and management’s attempts to diversify our assetbase, we cannot assure readers that competition will not have a material andadverse effect on our results of operations or our financialcondition. We compete with a number of largercompetitors that may be better able than we to absorb the effects of pricefluctuations, may be able to expend greater resources on production, may havegreater access to capital, and may operate more efficiently than wecan. Consolidation of sawmills in ourgeographic operating area may reduce competition among our customers, whichcould adversely affect our log prices.  In the past we haveexperienced, and may continue to experience, consolidation of sawmills in thePacific Northwest.  Because a portion of our cost of sales in our FeeTimber segment consists of transportation costs for delivery of logs to domesticsawmills, it becomes increasingly expensive to transport logs over longerdistances for sales in domestic markets.  As a result, a reduction inthe number of sawmills, or in the number of sawmill operators, may reducecompetition for our logs, may increase our transportation costs, orboth.  These consolidations thus may have a material adverse impactupon our Fee Timber revenue or income and, as that segment has traditionallyrepresented our largest business unit, upon our results of operation andfinancial condition as a whole. Consolidation of sawmills in ourgeographic operating area may reduce competition among our customers, whichcould adversely affect our log prices.  16  We are sensitive to demand and priceissues relating to our sales of logs in both domestic and foreignmarkets.  We generate Fee Timber revenue primarily by sellingsoftwood logs to domestic mills and to third-party intermediaries who resellthem to the export market.  The domestic market for logs in the PugetSound region of Washington State depends heavily on housingstarts.  Recent economic events have dramatically slowed housingstarts, which has reduced demand for lumber.  In addition, importedlumber from Canada and increasing market acceptance of engineered wood productshave acted to hold down the price of lumber. These factors have had the effectof concentrating mill ownership in larger, more efficient, mill operators anddecreasing the number of mills operating in the Puget Soundregion.  These characteristics have resulted in a decrease in localdemand for logs, which in turn has decreased our profitability.  Tothe extent the housing crisis continues or deepens the negative impacts on ouroperating results will continue.  In addition, the settlement of adispute under the North American Free Trade Agreement, alleging unfair tradepractices related to sales of Canadian softwoods into the United States, mayresult in an increase in the volume of timber available in domestic log markets,which could adversely impact log prices and, derivatively, our Fee Timberrevenue.  Over the past decade, we have seen log prices erode in theJapanese market as competing logs and lumber from regions outside of the UnitedStates and engineered wood products have gradually gained marketacceptance.  These export markets for Pacific Northwest logs aresignificantly affected by fluctuations in United States and Japanese economies,as well as by the foreign currency exchange rate between the Japanese yen andthe U.S. dollar, and ocean transportation costs. We are sensitive to demand and priceissues relating to our sales of logs in both domestic and foreignmarkets. We are subject to statutory andregulatory risks that currently limit, and may increasingly limit, our abilityto generate Fee Timber and Real Estate income.  Our ability togrow and harvest timber can be significantly impacted by legislation,regulations or court rulings that restrict or stop forestpractices.  For example, recent storm events have brought increasingpublic attention to stability of slopes during extreme weatherevents.  Additional regulations surrounding operating activitiesconducted on and around slopes may make it more difficult for us to harvesttimber and may reduce the amount of harvestable timber on ourproperties.  These and other restrictions on logging, planting, roadbuilding, fertilizing, managing competing vegetation and other activities cansignificantly increase the cost or reduce available inventory thereby reducingincome.  These regulations are likely to have a similar effect on ourTimberland Management & Consulting operations.  Moreover, thevalue of our real estate investments, and our income from Real Estateoperations, are sensitive to changes in the economic and regulatory environment,as well as various land-use regulations and development risks, including theability to obtain the necessary permits and zoning variances that would allow usto maximize the revenue from our real estate investments.  Our realestate investments are long-term in nature, which raises the risk thatunforeseen changes in the economy or laws surrounding development activities mayhave an adverse affect on our investments.  Moreover, theseinvestments often are highly illiquid and thus may not generate cash flow if andwhen needed to support our other operations. We are subject to statutory andregulatory risks that currently limit, and may increasingly limit, our abilityto generate Fee Timber and Real Estate income. We and our customers are dependentupon active credit markets to fund operations.  We sell logsfrom our Fee Timber segment to mills and log brokers that in most circumstancesrely upon an active credit market to fund their operations.  Our RealEstate sales are also often dependent upon credit markets in order to fundacquisitions.  To the extent the ongoing economic crisis exacerbatesexisting borrowing restrictions that impact many of our customers, we expectthose customers to respond by reducing their expenditures, and those reductionsmay have the effect of directly reducing our revenues and of indirectly reducingthe demand for our products. Any such outcomes could materially and adverselyimpact our results of operations, cash flows, and financialcondition. We and our customers are dependentupon active credit markets to fund operations. We have two timberland mortgages with2011 maturations that may be challenging to refinance. The Partnershiphas a low level of leverage relative to our asset base; however, we do have twotimberland mortgages with a balance owed of $29.1 million at December 31,2008.  These mortgages mature in 2011 with an expected amount due of$26.6 million.  During 2008 credit markets weakened considerably whichhas had both direct and indirect impacts on our operations and to the extentthese circumstances continue our operating results will be adversely affectedand our ability to refinance our timberland mortgages in 2011 could beimpaired. We have two timberland mortgages with2011 maturations that may be challenging to refinance.  17  We are controlled by our managinggeneral partner.  As a limited partnership, substantially allof our day-to-day affairs are controlled by our managing general partner, PopeMGP, Inc.  The board of directors of Pope MGP, Inc. serves as ourboard of directors, and by virtue of a stockholder agreement, the shareholdersof Pope MGP, Inc., Emily T. Andrews and Peter T. Pope, each have the ability todesignate one of our directors and to veto the selection of each of our otherdirectors, other than our chief executive officer, who serves as a director byvirtue of his executive position.  Unitholders may remove the managinggeneral partner only in limited circumstances, including, among other things, avote of the holders of a two-thirds majority of the “qualified units,” whichmeans the units that have been owned by their respective holders for at leastfive years prior to such vote.  By virtue of the terms of ouragreement of limited partnership, as amended, or “partnership agreement”, ourmanaging general partner directly, and Mrs. Andrews and Mr. Pope indirectly,have the ability to prevent or impede transactions that would result in a changeof control of the Partnership; to prevent or, upon the approval of limitedpartners holding a majority of the units, to cause, the sale of the assets ofthe Partnership; and to cause the Partnership to take or refrain from takingcertain other actions that you might otherwise perceive to be in thePartnership’s best interest.  Under our partnership agreement, we arerequired to pay to Pope MGP, Inc., an annual management fee of $150,000, and toreimburse Pope MGP, Inc., for certain expenses incurred in managing ourbusiness.  The managing general partner also receives a specialallocation of profits from our investor portfolio management business. No suchallocations were earned in 2008 and 2007.  Reimbursements for expensestotaled $8,000 in 2008 and $21,000 in 2007. We are controlled by our managinggeneral partner. We benefit from certain tax treatmentaccorded to master limited partnerships, and if that status changes the holdersof our units may realize less advantageous taxconsequences.  The Partnership is a Master Limited Partnership(MLP) and is therefore not generally subject to U.S. federal incometaxes.  If that changed due to a change in tax law (or interpretationof current tax law) such that the Partnership became subject to income taxes,operating results would be adversely affected.  We also have twotaxable subsidiaries.  The estimation of income tax expense andpreparation of income tax returns requires complex calculations andjudgments.  We believe the estimates and calculations used in thisprocess are proper and reasonable but if a Federal or state taxing authoritydisagreed with the positions we have taken, a material change in provision forincome taxes, net income, or cash flows could result. We benefit from certain tax treatmentaccorded to master limited partnerships, and if that status changes the holdersof our units may realize less advantageous taxconsequences  18  Item1B.  UNRESOLVED SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONCOMMENTS\""
