[1] "[1] \"Item1A.    Risk Factors FarmerMac’s business activities, financial performance and results of operations are,by their nature, subject to a number of risks anduncertainties.  Consequently, the Corporation’s net interest income,total revenues and net income have been, and are likely to continue to be,subject to fluctuations that reflect the effect of many factors, including therisk factors described below.  Other sections of this Annual Report onForm 10-K may include additional factors that could adversely affect FarmerMac’s business and its financial performance and results ofoperations.  Furthermore, because new risk factors likely will emergefrom time to time, management can neither predict all such risk factors norassess the effects of such factors on Farmer Mac’s business, operating resultsand financial condition or the extent to which any factor, or combination offactors, may affect the Corporation’s actual results and financialcondition.  If any of the following risks materialize, Farmer Mac’sbusiness, financial condition or results of operations could be materially andadversely affected.  38  Aninability to access the debt capital markets could have a material adverseeffect on Farmer Mac’s business, operating results, financial condition andcapital levels. Farmer Mac’s ability to operate itsbusiness, meet its obligations, grow its assets and fulfill its statutorypurpose depends on the Corporation’s ability to issue substantial amounts ofdebt frequently and at favorable rates.  The issuance of short-termand long-term debt securities in the U.S. financial markets is the primarysource of funding for Farmer Mac’s purchases of program and non-program assetsand for repaying or refinancing existing debt.  Moreover, one of theprimary sources of the Corporation’s revenue is the net interest income earnedfrom the difference, or “spread,” between the return received on assets held andthe related borrowing costs.  Farmer Mac’s ability to obtain fundsthrough the issuance of debt, and the cost at which these funds may be obtained,depends on many factors, including:  · · Farmer      Mac’s corporate and regulatory structure, including its status as a GSE      and perceptions about the viability of stockholder-owned GSEs in      general; · · compliance      with regulatory capital requirements and any measures imposed by Farmer      Mac’s regulator if the Corporation were to fail to remain in compliance      with those requirements; · · Farmer      Mac’s financial results and changes in its financial      condition; · · the      public’s perception of the risks to and financial prospects of Farmer      Mac’s business; · · prevailing      conditions in the capitalmarkets; · · competition      from other issuers of GSE debt;and · · legislative      or regulatory actions relating to Farmer Mac’s business, including any      actions that would affect the Corporation’s GSE status or add additional      requirements that would restrict or reduce its ability to issue      debt. FarmerMac’s business, operating results, financial condition and capital levels may bematerially and adversely affected by external factors that may be beyond itscontrol. FarmerMac’s business, operating results, financial condition and capital levels may bematerially and adversely affected by external factors that may be beyond itscontrol, including, but not limited to:  · · disruptions      in the capital markets, which could adversely affect the value and      performance of Farmer Mac’s program and non-program assets, the      Corporation’s liquidity position and Farmer Mac’s ability to fund assets      at favorable levels by issuing debt securities and to raise capital by      selling equity securities;  · · legislative      or regulatory developments or interpretations of Farmer Mac’s statutory      charter that could adversely affect Farmer Mac, its ability to offer new      products, the ability or motivation of certain lenders to participate in      its programs or the terms of any such participation, or increase the cost      of regulation and related corporateactivities;  · · Farmer      Mac’s access to the debt markets at favorable rates and    terms;  · · competitive      pressures in the purchase of agricultural real estate mortgage loans and      the sale of Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities and debt      securities;  · · changes      in interest rates, agricultural land values, commodity prices, export      demand for U.S. agricultural products, general economic conditions, and      other factors that may affect delinquency levels and credit losses on      agricultural real estate mortgageloans;  · · protracted      adverse weather, animal and plant disease outbreaks, costs of agricultural      production inputs for farmers and ranchers, availability and cost of      agricultural workers, market or other conditions affecting particular      geographic regions or particular agricultural commodities or products      related to agricultural real estate mortgage loans backing Farmer Mac I      Guaranteed Securities or underLTSPCs;  39   · · the      effects of any changes in federal assistance for agriculture on the      agricultural economy;  · · energy      policy changes that adversely affect the loan repayment capacity of      ethanol plants;  · · public      policy changes that adversely affect rural electric cooperatives,      including carbon capture or limitation on coal-fired power generation and      other initiatives designed to promote the shift to clean or “green”      energy, which may require utilities to raise rates to customers to pay for      new generation sources;  · · restrictions      on water supply in agricultural production due to adverse weather      conditions, legal disputes or othercauses;  · · depressed      real property values that may impact the value of agricultural real      estate; and  · · decreases      in demand for agricultural commodities and/or increases in production      costs, in each case within a particular industry, that may affect      delinquency levels and credit losses on agricultural real estate mortgage      loans within that industry. FarmerMac’s business development, profitability and capital depend on the continuedgrowth of the secondary market for agricultural real estate mortgage loans andfor rural utilities loans, the future for both of which remainsuncertain. Continuedgrowth in Farmer Mac’s business and future profitability may be constrained byconditions that limit the need or ability for lenders to obtain the benefits ofFarmer Mac’s programs, including, but not limited to:  · · reduced      growth rates in the agricultural mortgage market due to the slowdown of      the overall economy;  · · the      availability of other sources of capital for customers of Farmer Mac,      including through federal programs;  · · the      acceptance by Federal Home Loan Banks of agricultural real estate mortgage      loans as collateral;  · · the      historical preference of many agricultural lending institutions to retain      loans in their portfolios rather than to sell them into the secondary      market;  · · the      small number of business partners that currently provide a significant      portion of Farmer Mac’s business volume, resulting in vulnerability as      existing business volume pays down or matures and the status of these      business partners evolves;  · · expanded      funding available from the federal government for rural utilities lenders;      and  · · legislative      and regulatory developments that affect the agricultural and rural      utilities sectors.  40  FarmerMac is a GSE whose continued growth may be materially and adversely affected bylegislative and regulatory developments. FarmerMac is a GSE that is governed by a statutory charter controlled by the U.S.Congress and regulated by governmental agencies.  Although Farmer Macis not aware of any pending legislative proposals which would adversely affectthe Corporation at this time, Farmer Mac is subject to risks and uncertaintiesrelated to legislative, regulatory or political developments.  Suchdevelopments could affect the ability of lenders to participate in Farmer Mac’sprograms or the terms on which they may participate.  Further, fromtime to time, legislative or regulatory initiatives are commenced that, ifsuccessful, could result in the enactment of legislation or the promulgation ofregulations that could affect negatively the growth or operation of thesecondary market for agricultural mortgages and rural utilitiesloans.  For example, the costs related to any potential climate changelegislation costs could be significant to the electric utility industry, whichcould dramatically increase the cost of energy from thermal generation sourcesand have a particularly damaging effect on rural G&T cooperatives, whichgenerally have a higher reliance on fossil-fueled resources and are moredependent on coal-fired generation than the electric industry as awhole.  Any of these political or regulatory developments could have amaterial and adverse effect on Farmer Mac’s business, operating results,financial condition and capital levels.  See “Government Regulation ofFarmer Mac” in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additionaldiscussion on the rules and regulations governing Farmer Mac’sactivities. FarmerMac is subject to statutory and regulatory capital requirements that are subjectto change, and failure to meet those requirements could result in supervisorymeasures or otherwisematerially and adversely affect Farmer Mac’s business, operating results orfinancial condition.  Farmer Mac is required by statute andregulation to maintain certain core capital levels.  Any inability byFarmer Mac to meet these capital requirements could result in supervisorymeasures by FCA or could otherwise materially and adversely affect Farmer Mac’sbusiness, operating results or financial condition.  Factors thatcould adversely affect the adequacy of Farmer Mac’s capital levels in thefuture, and which may be beyond Farmer Mac’s control, include:   · · the      potential for any other-than-temporary impairment  charges;  · · adverse      changes in interest rates or creditspreads;  · · the      potential need to increase the level of the allowance for losses on      program assets in the future;  · · legislative      or regulatory actions that increase Farmer Mac’s applicable capital      requirements; and  · · changes      in generally accepted accountingprinciples. FarmerMac Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs expose Farmer Mac to significant contingentliabilities, and its ability to fulfill its obligations under its guarantees andLTSPCs may be limited. FarmerMac assumes the ultimate credit risk of borrower defaults on the loans it holdsas well as the loans underlying Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities andLTSPCs.  In the Farmer Mac I program, repayment of eligible loanstypically depends on the success of the related farming operation, which, inturn, depends on many variables and factors over which farmers may have littleor no control, such as weather conditions, animal and plant disease outbreaks,economic conditions (both domestic and international) and politicalconditions.  41  In theRural Utilities program, eligible utilities operations include the distributionof electricity, the generation and transmission of electricity, andtelecommunications.  Each type of utility operation has differentinherent risks associated with it, but all share a common risk posed bypotential changes in public and regulatory policies.  Business cashflows can be disrupted as a result of storms, though distribution cooperativeshave in place cost-sharing arrangements with providers in other regions thatmitigate this exposure.  Historically, natural disasters have oftenresulted in disaster area declarations and financial aid to utilities providersthrough the Federal Emergency Management Agency and other conduits, althoughthere can be no assurance that any such aid would be available in the event ofany future natural disaster.  The electrical distribution andgeneration sectors can be adversely affected by changes in fuel costs and pricesreceived from consumers, as well as by contractual power obligations that do notmatch up with supply or demand.  The depth and pace of technologicalchange in the telecommunications industry can also provide significantchallenges, as the industry requires heavy capital investment and correctjudgments about the sustainability of new technologies in an area with manycompetitors. Widespreadrepayment shortfalls on loans in the Farmer Mac I program or Rural Utilitiesprogram could require Farmer Mac to pay under its guarantees and LTSPCs andcould have a material adverse effect on the Corporation’s financial condition,results of operations and liquidity. FarmerMac Guaranteed Securities and LTSPCs are obligations of Farmer Mac only, and arenot backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, FCA or any otheragency or instrumentality of the United States other than FarmerMac.  Farmer Mac’s principal source of funds for the payment of claimsunder its guarantees and purchase commitments are the fees received inconnection with outstanding Farmer Mac Guaranteed Securities andLTSPCs.  These amounts are, and will continue to be, substantiallyless than the amount of Farmer Mac’s aggregate contingent liabilities under itsguarantees and LTSPCs.  Farmer Mac is required to set aside a portionof the fees it receives as a reserve against losses from its guarantee andcommitment activities.  Farmer Mac expects that its future contingentliabilities for its guarantee and commitment activities will continue to growand will exceed Farmer Mac’s resources, including amounts in the Corporation’sallowance for losses and its limited ability to borrow from the U.S.Treasury. FarmerMac is exposed to credit risk and interest rate risk that could materially andadversely affect its business, operating results, financial condition, capitallevels and future earnings. FarmerMac’s earnings depend largely on the performance of its program assets andnon-program investments, and the spread between interest earned on such assetsand investments and interest paid on Farmer Mac’s obligations andliabilities.  As a result, Farmer Mac’s earnings may be adverselyaffected by its exposure to credit and interest rate risks,including:  · · credit      risk associated with the agricultural mortgages and rural utilities loans      that Farmer Mac purchases or commits to purchase or that back Farmer Mac      Guaranteed Securities;  · · interest      rate risk on interest-earning assets and related interest-bearing      liabilities due to possible timing differences in the associated cash      flows;  · · credit      risk associated with Farmer Mac’s business relationships with other      institutions, such as counterparties to interest rate swap contracts and      other hedging arrangements; and  · · risks      as to the creditworthiness of the issuers of AgVantage securities and the      Corporation’s non-programinvestments.  42  FarmerMac may be adversely affected by weak economic conditions and marketturmoil. Therecent significant disruptions in world financial markets, and resultingeconomic downturn, may have an adverse effect on the value and performance ofFarmer Mac’s assets.  The possible duration and severity of theadverse economic cycle is unknown, as the efficacy of legislative and regulatoryefforts and programs to stabilize the economy areuncertain.  Furthermore, there can be no assurance that economicconditions will improve in the near future.  To the extent thateconomic conditions, such as high unemployment or decreases in agricultural realestate values, negatively impact agricultural production or demand, Farmer Mac’sbusiness, operating results or financial condition could be adverselyaffected. FarmerMac may experience writedowns of its investments in future periods, which couldadversely affect the Corporation’s business, operating results, financialcondition and capital levels. Deterioration in financial and creditmarket conditions could reduce the fair value of Farmer Mac’s investmentsecurities, particularly those securities that are less liquid and more subjectto volatility.  Recentevents in the credit markets have also necessitated an increase in the amount ofjudgment required to be exercised by management to value certainsecurities.  Furthermore, Farmer Mac relies on internal models todetermine the fair value of certain investment securities, and those modelscould fail to produce reliable results.  Subsequent valuations ofinvestment securities, in light of factors then prevailing, may result insignificant changes in the value of the Corporation’s investment securities inthe future.  If Farmer Mac decides to sell any of the securities inits investment portfolio, the price ultimately realized will depend on thedemand and liquidity in the market at that time and may be materially lower thantheir current fair value. Changesin interest rates may cause volatility in financial results and capitallevels. FarmerMac enters into financial derivatives transactions to hedge interest rate risksinherent in its business and applies fair value accounting to its financialderivatives transactions pursuant to guidance from the Financial AccountingStandards Board (“FASB”) on accounting for derivatives; it does not apply hedgeaccounting to those derivatives.  Although Farmer Mac’s financialderivatives provide highly effective economic hedges of interest rate risk, theFASB guidance requires the losses on financial derivatives to be reflected innet income, while a majority of the offsetting economic gains on the hedgeditems are not.  In addition to volatile earnings under accountingprinciples generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”), another consequenceof the changes in the fair values of financial derivatives being accounted forin earnings is the resulting effect on Farmer Mac’s regulatory core capital thatis available to meet the Corporation’s statutory minimum capitalrequirement.  43  FarmerMac relies on information systems and other technology in its businessoperations, and anyfailure or interruption in those systems could adversely affectFarmer Mac’s business, operating results or financial condition.   Farmer Mac relies heavily oninformation systems and other technology, including from third parties, toconduct and manage its business.  If Farmer Mac experiences a failureor interruption in any of these systems or other technology, including as aresult of any actions or failures of third parties, it may be unable to conductand manage its business effectively.  Although Farmer Mac hasimplemented a business continuity plan, Farmer Mac may not be able to prevent,address on a timely and adequate basis, or mitigate the negative effects of anyfailure or interruption.  Furthermore, any breach or loss of sensitiveor confidential information could cause Farmer Mac to suffer reputational harmwith respect to its business partners.  As a result, any failure orinterruption of these information systems or other technology could adverselyaffect Farmer Mac’s business, operating results or financialcondition.  IfFarmer Mac’s management of risk associated with its program and non-programassets is not effective, its business, operating results, financial conditionand capital levels could be materially adversely affected. Recent events in the financial marketsrelating to volatility, liquidity and credit have challenged financialinstitutions, including Farmer Mac, to adapt and further develop profitabilityand risk management models adequate to address a wider range of possible marketdevelopments.  Farmer Mac’s techniques and strategies may not beeffective in mitigating its risk exposure in all economic market environments oragainst all types of risk, including risks that Farmer Mac fails to identify oranticipate.  Some of Farmer Mac’s qualitative tools and metrics formanaging risk are based upon its use of observed historical marketbehavior.  Farmer Mac applies statistical and other tools to theseobservations to quantify its risks.  These tools and metrics may failto predict future risk.  Such failures could, for example, arise fromfactors Farmer Mac did not anticipate or correctly evaluate in itsmodels.  In addition, Farmer Mac’s quantified modeling does not takeinto account all risks.  Its more qualitative approach to managingthose risks could prove insufficient, exposing it to material unanticipatedlosses.  The inability of Farmer Mac to effectively identify andmanage the risks inherent in its business could have a material adverse effecton its business, operating results, financial condition and capitallevels.  Farmer Mac’sability to repay its obligations and/or raise capital through issuances of debtor equity may be adversely affected by the operating results of its subsidiaryFarmer Mac II LLC. Farmer Mac’sability to repay its obligations and/or raise capital through issuances of debtor equity may be adversely affected by the operating results of its subsidiaryFarmer Mac II LLC In January 2010, Farmer Mac contributedsubstantially all of its Farmer Mac II program business to Farmer Mac II LLC,including USDA-guaranteed portions having an aggregate principal amount of$1.1 billion and the primary intangible assets related to the operation ofthe Farmer Mac II program.  As a result, the assets of Farmer Mac IILLC are not directly available to satisfy the claims of Farmer Mac’s creditorsor stockholders.  In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy,liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or winding-up of Farmer Mac II LLC,Farmer Mac, as the holder of the common equity interest, may lose all or some ofits investment in Farmer Mac II LLC, which event likely would adversely affectFarmer Mac’s ability to raise capital, issue new debt and repay outstanding debtas it comes due.  If Farmer Mac is a creditor to Farmer Mac II LLC,the value of Farmer Mac II LLC’s assets may be insufficient to repay amounts dueto Farmer Mac, which also could adversely affect Farmer Mac’s ability to raisecapital, issue new debt and repay outstanding debt as it comesdue.  In addition, the ability of Farmer Mac II LLC to successfullyoperate the Farmer Mac II program will impact its ability to pay dividends onthe common equity interest owned by Farmer Mac.  If Farmer Mac II LLCcannot pay dividends to Farmer Mac or repay or refinance obligations owed toFarmer Mac, Farmer Mac’s liquidity and ability to raise additional capital alsomay be adversely affected, which could adversely affect the Corporation’soperating results and financial condition.   44  Any ofthese risks could materially and adversely affect Farmer Mac’s business,operating results, financial condition, capital levels and futureearnings.  For additional discussion about the Corporation’s riskmanagement, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditionsand Results of Operation—Risk Management” in Item 7 of this Annual Reporton Form 10-K. Item1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments\""
