[1] "[1] \"Item 1A. Risk Factors  The nature of our business activities subjects us to certain hazards and risks. The following is a summary of the material risks relating to our business activities that we have identified. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. However, these risks are not the only risks that we face. Our business could also be impacted by additional risks and uncertainties not currently known or that we currently deem to be immaterial. If any of these risks actually occur, they could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations and impair our ability to implement our business plans or complete development projects as scheduled. In that case, the market price of our limited partner units could decline.  Risks Related to Our Business  The cash from operations that we generate could decrease or fail to meet expectations, either of which could reduce our ability to pay quarterly cash distributions following establishment of cash reserves.  The amount of cash we can distribute on our limited partner units principally depends upon the cash we generate from our operations, as well as cash reserves established by our general partner.  Our distributable cash flow does not depend solely on profitability, which is affected by non-cash items. As a result, we could pay cash distributions during periods when we record net losses and could be unable to pay cash distributions during periods when we record net income.  In addition, the amount of cash we generate from operations fluctuates from quarter to quarter and may change over time.  Significant and sustained reductions in the cash generated by our operations could reduce our ability to pay quarterly distributions in future periods.  Our financial results depend on the demand for the petroleum products that we transport, store and distribute, among other factors, and unfavorable economic conditions could result in lower demand for these products for a sustained period of time.  Any sustained decrease in demand for petroleum products in the markets served by our pipelines or terminals could result in a significant reduction in the volume of products that we transport, store or distribute, and thereby reduce our cash flow and our ability to pay cash distributions. Global economic conditions have from time to time resulted in reduced demand for the products transported and stored by our pipelines and terminals and consequently for the services that we provide. Our financial results may also be affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions within certain regions, including the challenges that have affected economic conditions in the U.S. over the last several years. If economic and market conditions remain uncertain or adverse conditions persist for an extended period, we could experience material impacts on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 17   Other factors that could lead to a decrease in demand for the petroleum products we transport, store and distribute include:  • an increase in the market prices of petroleum products, which may reduce demand. Market prices for petroleum products are subject to wide fluctuations in response to changes in global and regional supply and demand over which we have no control;  • higher fuel taxes or other governmental or regulatory actions that increase the cost of the products we handle;  • an increase in transportation fuel economy, whether as a result of a shift by consumers to more fuel-efficient vehicles, technological advances by manufacturers or federal or state regulations. For example, in August 2012 the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the EPA finalized standards for passenger cars and light trucks manufactured in model years beginning in 2017 that will require significant increases in fuel efficiency. The proposed standards are intended to reduce demand for petroleum products, and if implemented these and any similar standards could reduce demand for our services; and • an increase in the use of alternative fuel sources, such as ethanol, biodiesel, natural gas, fuel cells, solar, electric and battery-powered engines. Current laws require a significant increase in the quantity of ethanol and biodiesel used in transportation fuels between now and 2022. Increases in domestic natural gas production have resulted in lower U.S. natural gas prices, which in turn has led to the promotion by the natural gas industry and some politicians of natural gas as an alternative fuel.  Increases in the use of such alternative fuels could have a material impact on the volume of petroleum-based fuels transported on our pipelines or distributed through our terminals.  A decrease in lease renewals or renewals at substantially lower rates at our storage terminals or in leased storage along our pipelines could cause our leased storage revenue to decline, which would adversely impact our results of operations and the amount of cash we generate.  Most of the revenue we earn from leased storage at our marine and crude oil terminals and along our pipeline system is provided for in contracts negotiated with our leased storage customers. Many of those contracts are for multi-year periods and require our customers to pay a fixed rate for storage capacity regardless of market conditions during the contract period. Changing market conditions, including changes in petroleum product supply or demand patterns, forward-price structure, financial market conditions, regulations, accounting rules or other factors could cause our customers to be unwilling to renew their leased storage contracts with us when those contracts terminate, or make them willing to renew only at lower rates or for shorter contract periods. Failure by our customers to renew their leased storage contracts on terms and at rates substantially similar to our existing contracts could result in lower utilization of our facilities and could cause our leased storage revenue to be more volatile. We have built a significant amount of new storage to meet market demand in recent years, as have several of our competitors. In addition, storage facilities previously used to support refineries or other facilities have in some cases been redeployed to provide services that compete with our own services. Increased competition from other leased storage facilities could discourage our customers from renewing their contracts  with us or cause them to renew their contracts with us at lower rates. We typically make capital investments in leased storage facilities only if we are able to secure contracts from our customers that support such investment; however, in some cases the initial term of those contracts is not sufficient to ensure that we fully earn the return we expect on those investments. If our customers do not renew such contracts or renew on less favorable terms, we could earn a return on those investments that is below our cost of capital, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.  18  Reduced volatility in energy prices or new government regulations could discourage our storage customers from holding positions in petroleum products, which could adversely affect the demand for our storage services.  We have constructed and continue to build new storage tanks in response to increased customer demand for storage. Many of our competitors have also built new storage facilities. The demand for new storage has resulted in part from our customers' desire to have the ability to take advantage of profit opportunities created by volatility in the prices of petroleum products. If the prices of petroleum products become relatively stable, or if federal and/or state regulations are passed that discourage our customers from storing these commodities, demand for our storage services could decrease, in which case we may be unable to lease storage capacity or be forced to reduce the rates we charge for leased storage capacity, either of which would materially reduce the amount of cash we generate.  Changes in price levels could negatively impact our revenue, our expenses, or both, which could adversely affect our results from operations, our liquidity and our ability to pay cash distributions.  The operation of our assets and the implementation of our growth strategy require significant expenditures for labor, materials, property, equipment and services. Increases in the cost of these items could materially increase our expenses or capital costs. We may not be able to pass these increased costs on to our customers in the form of higher fees for our services.  We use the FERC's PPI-based price indexing methodology to establish tariff rates in certain markets served by our pipelines. For the five-year period beginning July 1, 2011, the indexing method provides for annual changes in rates by a percentage equal to the change in the PPI-FG plus 2.65%. This methodology could result in changes in our revenue that does not fully reflect changes in the costs we incur to operate and maintain our pipelines. For example, our costs could increase more quickly or by a greater amount than the PPI-FG index plus 2.65% used by the current FERC methodology. Further, in periods of general price deflation, the PPI-FG index could fall, in which case we could be required to reduce our index-based rates, even if the actual costs we incur to operate our assets increase. Changes in price levels that lead to decreases in our revenue or increases in the prices we pay to operate and maintain our assets could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows, as well as our ability to pay cash distributions.  Our business involves many hazards and operational risks, the occurrence of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows and our ability to pay cash distributions.  Our operations are subject to many hazards inherent in the transportation and distribution of petroleum products and ammonia, including ruptures, leaks and fires. In addition, our operations are exposed to potential natural disasters, including hurricanes, tornadoes, storms, floods and earthquakes. Our storage and pipeline facilities located near the U.S. Gulf Coast, for example, have experienced damage and interruption of business due to hurricanes. These risks could result in substantial losses due to personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment and pollution or other environmental damage, and may result in curtailment or suspension of our related operations. Some of our assets are located in or near high consequence areas such as residential and commercial centers or sensitive environments, and the potential damages are even greater in these areas. If a significant accident or event occurs, it could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows and our ability to pay cash distributions.  Our assets may not be adequately insured or could have losses that exceed our insurance coverage.  We are not fully insured against all hazards or operational risks related to our businesses, and the insurance we carry requires that we meet certain deductibles before we can collect for any losses we sustain.  If a significant accident or event occurs that is not fully insured, it could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows and our ability to pay cash distributions.  19  We may encounter increased costs related to and decreases in the availability of insurance.  Premiums and deductibles for our insurance policies have increased significantly, and could escalate further as a result of market conditions or losses experienced by us or by other companies.  In some instances, insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage.  Increases in the cost of insurance or the inability to obtain insurance at rates that we consider commercially reasonable could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows and our ability to pay cash distributions.  Many of our storage tanks and significant portions of our pipeline system have been in service for several decades.  Our pipeline and storage assets are generally long-lived assets. As a result, some of those assets have been in service for several decades. The age and condition of these assets could result in increased maintenance or remediation expenditures and an increased risk of product releases and associated costs and liabilities. Any significant increase in these expenditures, costs or liabilities could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows, as well as our ability to pay cash distributions.  We do not own most of the property on which our pipelines are constructed, and we rely on securing and retaining adequate rights-of-way and/or permits in order to operate our existing assets and complete growth projects.  Substantially all of our pipelines are constructed on rights-of-way granted by the apparent record owners of the relevant property, and in some instances these rights-of-way have limited terms that may require periodic renegotiation or, if such negotiations are unsuccessful, may require us to seek to exercise the power of eminent domain.  Several rights-of-way for our pipelines and other real property assets are shared with other pipelines and third parties.  In many instances, lands over which rights-of-way have been obtained are subject to prior liens, which have not been subordinated to the right-of-way grants.  We require permits from public authorities to cross over or under, or to lay facilities in or along, water courses, county roads, municipal streets and state highways, and in some instances these permits are revocable at the election of the grantor.  Similarly, we have obtained permits from railroad companies to cross over or under certain lands or rights-of-way, many of which are also revocable at the grantor's election.  We are subject to potential increases in costs under our agreements with landowners, and if any of our rights-of-way or permits were revoked, our operations could be disrupted or we could be required to relocate our pipelines.  Similarly, if we are unable to secure rights-of-way required for our growth projects, we could be forced to re-design or re-route those projects, which could result in substantial delays, reduced revenue and/or increased costs on those projects. Our ability to exercise the power of eminent domain varies by state and by circumstance, and the availability of the power and the compensation we must provide landowners in connection with any eminent domain action may be determined by a court.  Failure to obtain required new rights-of-way or permits or retain rights-of-way and permits on existing terms could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows, as well as our ability to pay cash distributions.  We depend on producers, gatherers, refineries and petroleum pipelines owned and operated by others to supply our pipelines and terminals.  We depend on crude oil production and connections with gathering systems, refineries and petroleum pipelines owned and operated by third parties to supply our assets. Changes in the quality or quantity of crude oil produced in the field, outages at these refineries or reduced or interrupted throughput on these gathering systems or pipelines due to weather-related or other natural causes, testing, line repair, damage, reduced operating pressures or other causes could result in our being unable to deliver products to our customers from our terminals or receive products for storage or reduce shipments on our pipelines and could materially adversely affect our cash flows and ability to pay cash distributions.  20  The closure of refineries that supply, or are supplied by, our refined products and crude oil pipelines could result in material disruptions or reductions in the volumes we transport and store and in the amount of cash we generate.  Refineries that supply, or are supplied by, our facilities are subject to regulatory developments, including but not limited to regulations regarding fuel specifications, plant emissions and safety and security requirements, that could significantly increase the cost of their operations and reduce their operating margins. In addition, the profitability of the refineries that supply our facilities is subject to regional and sometimes global supply and demand dynamics that are difficult to predict. A period of sustained weak demand or increased cost of supply could make refining uneconomic for some refineries, including those located along our refined products and crude oil pipelines. The closure of a refinery that delivers product to or receives crude from our refined products or crude oil pipelines could reduce the volumes we transport and the amount of cash we generate. Further, the closure of these or other refineries could result in companies electing to store and distribute refined petroleum products through their proprietary terminals, which could result in a reduction of our storage volumes.  Competition could lead to lower levels of profits and reduce the amount of cash we generate.  We compete with other existing pipelines and terminals that provide similar services in the same markets as our assets. In addition, our competitors could construct new assets or redeploy existing assets in a manner that would result in more intense competition in the markets we serve. We compete with other transportation, storage and distribution alternatives on the basis of many factors, including but not limited to rates, service levels, geographic location, connectivity and reliability. Our customers could utilize the assets and services of our competitors instead of our assets and services, or we could be required to lower our prices or increase our costs to retain our customers, either of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows, as well as our ability to pay cash distributions.  Our business is subject to the risk of a capacity overbuild in some of the markets in which we operate.  We have made and continue to make significant investments in new energy infrastructure to meet market demand, as have several of our competitors.  For example, we have invested significantly in new pipelines to deliver crude oil from the Permian Basin in West Texas to markets along the U.S. Gulf Coast.  Similar investments have been made and additional investments may be made in the future by our competitors or by new entrants to the markets we serve.  The success of these and similar projects largely relies on the realization of anticipated market demand, and these projects typically require significant development periods, during which time demand for such infrastructure may change, or additional investments by competitors may be made.  If infrastructure investments by us or others in the markets we serve result in capacity that exceeds the demand in those markets, our facilities could be underutilized, we could be forced to reduce the rates we charge for our services, the value of our assets could decrease and the returns on our investments in those markets could fail to meet our expectations.  Mergers among our customers and competitors could result in lower volumes being shipped on our pipelines or products stored in or distributed through our terminals, thereby reducing the amount of cash we generate.  Mergers among our existing customers and our competitors could provide strong economic incentives for the combined entities to utilize their existing systems instead of ours in those markets where our systems compete. As a result, we could lose some or all of the volumes and associated revenue from these customers, and we could experience difficulty in replacing those lost volumes and revenue. As most of our operating costs are fixed, a reduction in volumes would result not only in less revenue, but also a decline in cash flow of a similar magnitude, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows, as well as our ability to pay cash distributions.  21  Terrorist attacks aimed at our facilities or that impact our customers or the markets we serve could adversely affect our business.  The U.S. government has issued warnings that energy assets in general, and the nation's pipeline and terminal infrastructure in particular, may be future targets of terrorist organizations. The threat of terrorist attacks has subjected our operations to increased risks. Any future terrorist attack on our facilities, those of our customers and, in some cases, those of other pipelines, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, any future terrorist attacks that severely disrupt the markets we serve could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows, as well as our ability to pay cash distributions.  Fluctuations in prices of petroleum products that we purchase and sell could materially affect our results of operations.  We generate product sales revenue from our butane blending and fractionation activities, as well as from the sale of product generated by the operation of our pipelines and terminals. We also maintain product inventory related to these activities.  Significant fluctuations in market prices of petroleum products could result in losses or lower profits from these activities, thereby reducing the amount of cash we generate and our ability to pay cash distributions. Additionally, significant fluctuations in market prices of petroleum products could result in significant unrealized gains or losses on transactions we enter to hedge our exposure to commodity price changes. To the extent these transactions have not been designated as hedges for accounting purposes, the associated non-cash unrealized gains and losses directly impact our results of operations.  We hedge prices of petroleum products by utilizing physical purchase and sale agreements, exchange-traded futures contracts or over-the-counter transactions. These hedging arrangements may not eliminate all price risks, could result in fluctuations in quarterly or annual financial results and could result in material cash obligations that could negatively impact our financial position or our ability to pay distributions to our unitholders.  We hedge our exposure to price fluctuations for our petroleum products purchase and sale activities by utilizing physical purchase and sale agreements, exchange-traded futures contracts or over-the-counter transactions. To the extent these hedges do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment under Accounting Standards Codification 815-30, Derivatives and Hedging , or if they result in material amounts of ineffectiveness, we could experience material fluctuations in our quarterly or annual results of operations. To the extent these hedges are entered into on a public exchange, we may be required to post margin, which could result in material cash obligations. These contracts may be for the purchase or sale of product in markets different from those in which we are attempting to hedge our exposure, resulting in hedges that do not eliminate all price risks. If we incur material amounts of ineffectiveness in our hedging strategies, our quarterly or annual results of operations could be negatively impacted, which could have a negative impact on our unit price.  Further, our requirement to post material amounts of margin on the hedge contracts we have entered into could negatively impact our ability to pay distributions to our unitholders.  Failure to generate additional growth projects or make future acquisitions could reduce our ability to increase cash distributions to our unitholders.  Our ability to increase distributions to our unitholders depends to a significant degree on our ability to successfully identify and execute additional growth projects and acquisitions.  We face significant uncertainties and competition in the pursuit of such opportunities.  For example, decisions regarding new growth projects rely on numerous estimates, including among other factors, predictions of future demand for our services, future supply shifts, economic conditions and potential changes in the financial condition of our customers.   Our predictions of such factors could cause us to forego certain investments or to lose opportunities to competitors who make investments based on more aggressive predictions.  Valuations of energy infrastructure assets have generally been elevated in recent years, which has made it difficult for us to be successful in our attempts to acquire new assets, as other bidders for those assets have  been willing to pay prices and accept terms that did not meet our risk and return criteria.  If we are unable to acquire new assets or develop additional expansion projects, our ability to increase distributions to our unitholders will be reduced. 22   Our expansion projects may not immediately produce operating cash flows and may exceed our cost estimates or experience delays.  We have begun numerous large expansion projects that have required and will continue to require us to make significant capital investments. We intend to finance those projects primarily with new borrowings, and we will incur financing costs during the planning and construction phases of these projects; however, the operating cash flows we expect these projects to generate will not materialize, if at all, until sometime after the projects are completed. As a result, our leverage may increase during the period prior to the generation of those operating cash flows.  In addition, the amount of time and investment necessary to complete these projects could materially exceed the estimates we used when determining whether to undertake them. For example, we must compete with other companies for the materials and construction services required to complete these projects, and competition for these materials or services could result in significant delays and/or cost overruns. Similarly, we must secure and retain required permits and rights-of-way, including in some cases through the exercise of the power of eminent domain, in order to complete and operate these projects, and our inability to do so in a timely manner could result in significant delays and/or cost overruns.  Further, in many instances the operations of our expansion projects are subject to the execution by third parties of pipeline connections or other related projects that are beyond our control.  Delays and/or unanticipated costs associated with these third parties in the execution of these related projects could result in delays or cost overruns in the start-up of our own projects.  Any cost overruns or unanticipated delays in the completion or commercial development of our expansion projects could reduce the anticipated returns on these projects, which in turn could materially increase our leverage and reduce our liquidity and our ability to pay cash distributions.  Potential future acquisitions and expansions may affect our business by substantially increasing the level of our indebtedness and liabilities, incurring the risk of being unable to effectively integrate the new operations and diluting our limited partner unitholders.  From time to time we evaluate and acquire assets and businesses that we believe complement our existing assets and businesses. We may issue significant amounts of additional equity securities and incur substantial additional indebtedness to finance future acquisitions, and our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly as a result.  Our limited partner unitholders will not have an opportunity to review or evaluate the information and assumptions we use to determine whether to pursue an acquisition.  An acquisition that we expect to be accretive could nevertheless reduce our cash from operations if we rely on faulty information, make inaccurate assumptions, assume unidentified liabilities or otherwise improperly value the acquired assets.  In addition, any equity securities we issue to finance acquisitions could dilute our existing limited partner unitholders and reduce our cash flow available for distribution on a per unit basis.  Acquisitions and business expansions involve numerous risks, including but not limited to difficulties in the assimilation of the assets and operations of the acquired businesses, inefficiencies and difficulties that arise due to our unfamiliarity with new assets and the businesses associated with them and their markets, challenges in managing and/or retaining new employees and establishing relationships with and retaining new customers and business partners, and the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns. Further, unexpected costs and challenges may arise whenever businesses with different operations or management are combined, and we may experience unanticipated delays in realizing the benefits of an acquisition. Following an acquisition, we may discover previously unknown liabilities associated with the acquired business for which we have no recourse from the seller.  We compete for acquisitions and new projects with numerous other established energy companies and many other potential investors.  Increased competition for acquisitions or growth projects could limit our ability to execute our growth strategy or could result in our executing that strategy on substantially less attractive terms than we have previously experienced, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows, as well as our ability to pay cash distributions.  23  The amount and timing of distributions to us from our joint ventures is not within our control, and we may be unable to cause our joint ventures to take or refrain from taking certain actions that may be in our best interest.  We participate in several joint ventures, in each of which we share control of the joint venture with other entities according to the relevant joint venture agreements.  Those agreements provide that the respective joint venture management committees, including our representatives along with the representatives of the other owners of those joint ventures, determine the amount and timing of distributions.  In addition, many activities of the joint ventures may only be authorized by agreement between us and the other owners of those joint ventures.  In the case of Double Eagle Pipeline LLC, our joint venture co-owner serves as operator, and consequently we rely on our joint venture co-owner for many of the management functions of that joint venture.  Without the cooperation of the other owners of those joint ventures, we are unable to cause our joint ventures to take or not to take certain actions, even though those actions or inactions may be in the best interest of us or the particular joint venture. If we are unable to agree with our joint venture co-owner on a significant matter, it could result in a material adverse effect on that joint venture's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  If the matter is significant to us, it could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.  Moreover, subject to certain limitations in the respective joint venture agreements, any joint venture owner may sell or transfer its ownership interest in a joint venture, whether in a transaction involving third parties or the other joint venture owners.  Any such transaction could result in our being co-owners with different or additional parties with whom we have not had a previous relationship.  Our joint ventures could establish separate financing arrangements that could contain restrictive covenants that may limit or restrict the joint venture's ability to make cash distributions to us under certain circumstances.  Any inability to generate cash or restrictions on cash distributions we receive from our joint ventures could impair our results of operations, cash flows and our ability to pay cash distributions.  Rate regulation or challenges by shippers of the rates we charge on our refined products and crude oil pipelines may reduce the amount of cash we generate.  The FERC regulates the tariff rates for interstate movements and state regulatory authorities regulate the tariff rates for intrastate movements on our refined products and crude oil pipelines. Shippers may protest our pipeline tariff filings, and the FERC or state regulatory authorities may investigate tariff rates. Further, other than for rates set under market-based rate authority, the FERC may order refunds of amounts collected under rates that are determined to be in excess of a just and reasonable level when taking into consideration our pipeline system's cost-of-service. State regulatory authorities could take similar measures for intrastate tariffs. In addition, shippers may challenge by complaint the lawfulness of tariff rates that have become final and effective.  The FERC and state regulatory authorities may also investigate tariff rates absent shipper complaint. If existing rates challenged by complaint are determined to be in excess of a just and reasonable level when taking into consideration our pipeline systems' cost-of-service, we could be required to pay reparations to complaining shippers and/or make other concessions.  The FERC's ratemaking methodologies may limit our ability to set rates based on our true costs or may delay the use of rates that reflect increased costs. The FERC's primary ratemaking methodology is price indexing. We use this methodology to establish our rates in approximately 40% of the markets for our refined products pipeline. The FERC's indexing methodology is subject to review every five years and currently allows a pipeline to change its rates each year to a new ceiling level, which is calculated as the previous year's ceiling level multiplied by a percentage. In December 2010, the FERC established a new price index level equal to the annual change in the PPI-FG expressed as a percentage, plus 2.65% for the five-year period beginning July 1, 2011. If the PPI-FG falls and our rates are at the ceiling level, we would be required to reduce our rates that are subject to the FERC's price indexing methodology.  We establish rates in approximately 60% of the markets for our refined products pipeline using the FERC's market-based ratemaking regulations. These regulations allow us to establish rates based on conditions in individual markets without regard to the index or our cost-of-service. If we were to lose our market-based rate authority, we would then be required to establish rates on some other basis, such as our cost-of-service. 24   Our operations are subject to extensive environmental, health, safety and other laws and regulations that impose significant requirements, costs and liabilities on us. These requirements, costs and liabilities could increase as a result of new laws or regulations or changes in the interpretation, implementation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations. Our customers are also subject to extensive environmental, health, safety and other laws and regulations, and any new laws or regulations or changes in the interpretation, implementation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations, including laws and regulations related to hydraulic fracturing, could result in decreased demand for our services.  Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection or preservation of the environment, natural resources and human health and safety, including but not limited to the Clean Air Act (\\\"CAA\\\"), the RCRA, the Oil Pollution Act and Clean Water Act (\\\"CWA\\\") , the CERCLA, the HLPSA, the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 and OSHA. Such laws and regulations affect almost all aspects of our operations, and generally require us to obtain and comply with various environmental registrations, licenses, permits, credits, inspections and other approvals. We incur substantial costs to comply with these laws and regulations, and any failure to comply may expose us to civil, criminal and administrative fees, fines, penalties and/or interruptions in our operations that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position and prospects. For example, if an accidental release or spill of petroleum products, chemicals or other hazardous substances occurs at or from our pipelines, storage or other facilities, we may experience significant operational disruptions and we may have to pay a significant amount to remediate the release or spill, pay government penalties, address natural resource damages, compensate for human exposure or property damage, install costly pollution control equipment or undertake a combination of these and other measures. The resulting costs and liabilities could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. In addition, emission controls required under the CAA and other similar federal, state and provincial laws could require significant capital expenditures at our facilities.  Liability under such laws and regulations may be incurred without regard to fault under CERCLA, RCRA, the Water Pollution Control Act or analogous state laws for the remediation of contaminated areas. Private parties, including the owners of properties through which our pipelines pass, also may have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance as well as to seek damages for non-compliance with such laws and regulations or for personal injury or property damage. Our insurance may not cover all environmental risks and costs and/or may not provide sufficient coverage in the event an environmental claim is made against us.  Our assets have been used for many years to transport, store or distribute petroleum products. Over time our operations, or operations by our predecessors or third parties not under our control, may have resulted in the disposal or release of hydrocarbons or solid wastes at or from these terminal properties and along such pipeline rights-of-way. In addition, some of our terminals and pipelines are located on or near current or former refining and terminal sites, and there is a risk that contamination is present on those sites. We may be subject to strict, joint and several liability under a number of these environmental laws and regulations for such disposal and releases of hydrocarbons or solid wastes or the existence of contamination, even in circumstances where such activities or conditions were caused by third parties not under our control or were otherwise lawful at the time they occurred.  The laws and regulations that affect our operations, and the enforcement thereof, have become increasingly stringent over time. We cannot ensure that these laws and regulations will not be further revised or that new laws or regulations will not be adopted or become applicable to us. There can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of future expenditures to comply with laws and regulations, including expenditures for environmental compliance or remediation, and actual future expenditures may be different from the amounts we currently anticipate. In addition to increasing our costs or liabilities, legal or regulatory changes or changes in the cost or availability of permits or related credits, where applicable, could also impact our ability to develop new projects. For example, changes that affect permitting or siting processes or the use of eminent domain could prevent or delay our ability to construct new pipelines or storage tanks. Revised or additional regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions or liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and prospects.  25  The Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 reauthorized funding for federal pipeline safety programs through 2015, increased penalties for safety violations, established additional safety requirements for newly-constructed pipelines and required studies of certain safety issues that could result in the adoption of new regulatory requirements for existing pipelines. The Pipeline Hazardous Materials Safety Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation has also published an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking to solicit comments on the need for changes to its safety regulations, including whether to revise the integrity management requirements and add new regulations governing the safety of gathering lines. Compliance with such legislative and regulatory changes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.  Our customers are also subject to extensive laws and regulations that affect their businesses, and new laws or regulations could materially adversely affect their businesses or prospects. For example, several of our most significant customers are refineries whose businesses could be significantly impacted by changes in environmental or health-related laws or regulations. In addition, we have made and continue to make significant investments in crude oil and condensate storage and transportation projects that serve customers who largely depend on production techniques, such as hydraulic fracturing, that are currently being scrutinized by federal and state authorities and that could be subjected to increased regulatory costs, delays or liabilities. Any changes in laws or regulations, or in the interpretation, implementation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations, that impose significant costs or liabilities on our customers, or that result in delays or cancellations of their projects, could reduce their demand for our services and materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows and our ability to pay cash distributions.  Climate change legislation or regulations restricting emissions of “greenhouse gases” could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the products that we transport, store or distribute.  In December 2009, the EPA published its findings that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gases present an endangerment to human health and the environment because emissions of such gases are, according to the EPA, contributing to the warming of the earth's atmosphere and other climatic changes. These findings by the EPA allowed the agency to proceed with the adoption and implementation of regulations that would restrict emissions of greenhouse gases under existing provisions of the CAA. Among several such regulations, in May 2010, the EPA finalized its “tailoring rule,” determining which stationary sources of greenhouse gases are required to obtain permits and implement best available control technology standards on account of their greenhouse gas emission levels.  The EPA's endangerment finding and greenhouse gas rules were upheld by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit in June 2012, and a petition for review of the case by the entire D.C. Circuit was denied in December 2012.  Further, Congress has considered various proposals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions that may impose a carbon emissions tax, a cap-and-trade program or other programs aimed at carbon reduction.  Such legislation would have established an economy-wide cap-and-trade program to reduce U.S. emissions of greenhouse gases including carbon dioxide and methane that may contribute to the warming of the earth's atmosphere and other climatic changes. The current administration supports legislation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions through an emission allowance system. As allowances under such a system would be expected to significantly escalate in cost over time, the net effect of any potential cap-and-trade legislation would be to impose increasing costs on the combustion of carbon-based fuels such as crude oil, refined petroleum products and natural gas. In addition, at least one-third of the states, either individually or through multi-state regional initiatives, have already taken legal measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases, primarily through the planned development of greenhouse gas emission inventories and/or greenhouse gas cap-and-trade programs. Our compliance with any future legislation or regulation of greenhouse gases, if it occurs, may result in materially increased compliance and operating costs. It is not possible at this time to predict with any accuracy the structure or outcome of any future legislative or regulatory efforts to address such emissions or the eventual costs to us of compliance.  The effect on our operations of CAA regulations, legislative efforts or related implementation rules that regulate or restrict emissions of greenhouse gases in areas that we conduct business could adversely affect the demand for the products that we transport, store and distribute and, depending on the particular program adopted, could increase our costs to operate and maintain our facilities by requiring that we measure and report our emissions, install new emission controls on our facilities, acquire allowances to authorize our greenhouse gas emissions, pay 26  any taxes related to our greenhouse gas emissions and administer and manage a greenhouse gas emissions program, among other things. We may be unable to include some or all of such increased costs in the rates charged to our customers and any such recovery may depend on events beyond our control, including the outcome of future rate proceedings before the FERC or state regulatory agencies and the provisions of any final legislation or implementing regulations.  In addition, some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases in the earth's atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, floods and other climate events; if any such effects were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations.  Our butane blending activities subject us to federal regulations that govern renewable fuel requirements in the United States.  The Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 expanded the required use of renewable fuels in the United States.  Each year, the EPA establishes a RVO requirement for refiners and fuel manufacturers based on overall quotas established by the federal government.  By virtue of our butane blending activity, and resulting gasoline production, we are an obligated party and receive an annual RVO from the EPA.  In lieu of blending renewable fuels (such as ethanol and biodiesel), we have the option to purchase renewable energy credits, called Renewable Identification Numbers (\\\"RINs\\\"), to meet this obligation.  RINs are generated when a gallon of biofuel such as ethanol or biodiesel is produced.  RINs may be separated when the biofuel is blended into gasoline or diesel, at which point the RIN is available for use in compliance or is available for sale on the open market .  Increases in the cost and or decreases in the availability of RINs could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and cash distributions.  Our business is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern the product quality specifications of the petroleum products that we store, transport or sell.  Petroleum products that we store and transport are sold by our customers for consumption into the public market. Various federal, state and local agencies have the authority to prescribe specific product quality specifications for commodities sold into the public market. Changes in product quality specifications or blending requirements could reduce our throughput volume, require us to incur additional handling costs or require capital expenditures. For instance, different product specifications for different markets impact the fungibility of the products in our system and could require the construction of additional storage. If we are unable to recover these costs through increased revenue, our cash flows and ability to pay cash distributions could be materially adversely affected.  In addition, changes in the product quality of the products we receive on our refined products pipeline, or changes in the product specifications in the markets we serve, could reduce or eliminate our ability to blend products, which would result in a reduction of our revenue and operating profit from blending activities. Any such reduction of our revenue or operating profit could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, cash flows and ability to pay cash distributions.  We are exposed to counterparty risk. Nonpayment and nonperformance by our customers, vendors, lenders or derivative counterparties could materially reduce our revenue, impair our liquidity, increase our expenses or otherwise negatively impact our results of operations, financial position or cash flows and our ability to pay cash distributions.  We are subject to risks of loss resulting from nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers to whom we extend credit. In addition, we frequently undertake capital expenditures based on commitments from customers upon which we rely to realize the expected return on those expenditures, and nonperformance by our customers on those commitments could result in substantial losses to us. Similarly, nonperformance by vendors who have committed to provide products or services to us could result in higher costs, reduce our revenue or otherwise interfere with the conduct of our business. We also rely to a significant degree on the banks that lend to us under our revolving credit 27  facility for financial liquidity, and any failure of those banks to perform on their obligations to us could significantly impair our liquidity. Furthermore, nonpayment by the counterparties to our interest rate and commodity derivatives could expose us to additional interest rate or commodity price risk. Any substantial increase in the nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers, vendors, lenders or derivative counterparties could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows and our ability to pay cash distributions.  Losses sustained by any money market mutual fund or other investment vehicle in which we invest our cash or the failure of any bank or financial institution in which we deposit funds could adversely affect our financial position and our ability to pay cash distributions.  We may maintain material balances of cash and cash equivalents for extended periods of time.  We typically invest any material amount of cash on hand in cash equivalents such as money market mutual funds. These funds are primarily comprised of highly rated short-term instruments. Significant market volatility and financial distress could cause such investments to lose value or reduce the liquidity of such investments. We may also maintain deposits at a commercial bank in excess of amounts insured by government agencies such as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. In addition, certain exchange-traded derivatives transactions we enter into in order to hedge commodity-related exposures frequently require us to make margin deposits with a broker. A failure of our commercial bank or our broker could result in our losing any funds we have deposited. Any losses we sustain on the investments or deposits of our cash could materially adversely affect our financial position and our ability to pay cash distributions.  We rely on access to capital to fund acquisitions and growth projects and to refinance existing debt obligations. Unfavorable developments in capital markets could limit our ability to obtain funding or require us to secure funding on terms that could limit our financial flexibility, reduce our liquidity, dilute the interests of our existing unitholders and/or reduce our cash flows and ability to pay distributions.  We regularly consider and pursue growth projects and acquisitions as part of our efforts to increase cash available for distribution to our unitholders. These transactions can be effected quickly, may occur at any time and may be significant in size relative to our existing assets and operations.  For example, we estimate that we will spend approximately $550 million to complete our current slate of organic growth projects during 2014. We generally do not retain sufficient cash flow to finance such projects and acquisitions, and consequently the execution of our growth strategy requires regular access to external sources of capital. Any limitations on our access to capital on satisfactory terms will impair our ability to execute this strategy and could reduce our liquidity and our ability to make cash distributions.  Similarly, we generally do not retain sufficient cash flow to repay our indebtedness when it matures, and we rely on new capital to refinance these obligations.  For example, $250 million of our long-term notes mature in 2014, and another $250 million mature in 2016, and we anticipate raising new capital to refinance these obligations on or prior to their maturity.  Limitations on our access to capital, including on our ability to issue additional debt and equity, could result from events or causes beyond our control, and could include, among other factors, decreases in our creditworthiness or profitability, significant increases in interest rates, increases in the risk premium generally required by investors or in the premium required specifically for investments in energy-related companies or master limited partnerships, and decreases in the availability of credit or the tightening of terms required by lenders. Any limitations on our ability to refinance these obligations by securing new capital on satisfactory terms could severely limit our liquidity, our financial flexibility and/or our cash flows, and could result in the dilution of the interests of our existing unitholders.  Increases in interest rates could increase our financing costs, reduce the amount of cash we generate and adversely affect the trading price of our units.  As of December 31, 2013 , the face value of our outstanding fixed-rate debt was $2.7 billion .  We expect to make floating-rate borrowings under our revolving credit facility as needed to partially finance future expansion capital spending. As a result, we would have exposure to changes in short-term interest rates. We may also use interest rate derivatives to effectively convert some of our fixed-rate notes to floating-rate debt, thereby increasing 28  our exposure to changes in short-term interest rates. In addition, the execution of our growth strategy and the refinancing of our existing debt could require that we issue additional fixed-rate debt, and consequently we also have potential exposure to changes in long-term interest rates. Rising interest rates could reduce the amount of cash we generate and materially adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to pay cash distributions. Moreover, the trading price of our units is sensitive to changes in interest rates and could be materially adversely affected by any increase in interest rates.  Restrictions contained in our debt instruments may limit our financial flexibility.  We are subject to restrictions with respect to our debt that may limit our flexibility in structuring or refinancing existing or future debt and may prevent us from engaging in certain beneficial transactions. These restrictions include, among other provisions, the maintenance of certain financial ratios, as well as limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, to grant liens or to repay existing debt without prepayment premiums. These restrictions could result in higher costs of borrowing and impair our ability to generate additional cash.  Cyber attacks that circumvent our security measures and other breaches of our information security measures could disrupt our operations and result in increased costs.  We operate our assets and manage our businesses using a telecommunications network. A security breach of that network could result in improper operation of our assets, potentially including contamination or degradation of the products we transport, store or distribute, delays in the delivery or availability of our customers' product or releases of petroleum products for which we could be held liable. In addition, we rely on third-party systems, including for example the electric grid, which could also be subject to security breaches or cyber attacks, and the failure of which could have a significant adverse effect on the operation of our assets.  We and the operators of the third-party systems on which we depend may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent every emerging type of cyber attack, and such an attack, or additional measures taken to prevent such an attack, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows, as well as our ability to pay cash distributions.  We also collect and store sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and information about our customers, suppliers and other counterparties, and personally identifiable information of our employees, on our networks.  The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions.  Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen.  Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, could disrupt our operations, and could damage our reputation, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows, as well as our ability to pay cash distributions.  Failure of critical information technology systems may impact our ability to operate our assets or manage our businesses, thereby reducing the amount of cash available for distribution.  We utilize information technology systems to operate our assets and manage our businesses. Some of these systems are proprietary systems that require specialized programming capabilities, while others are based upon or reside on technology that has been in service for many years. Failures of these systems could result in a breach of critical operational or financial controls and lead to a disruption of our operations, commercial activities or financial processes. Such failures could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flow, as well as our ability to pay cash distributions.  29  The effect of recent changes to U.S. healthcare laws may increase our healthcare costs and negatively impact our financial results.  We offer eligible employees the opportunity to enroll in healthcare coverage that we subsidize. The comprehensive U.S. health care reform law enacted in 2010, the Affordable Care Act, and subsequent IRS regulations may increase our labor costs significantly, especially the employer mandate, which requires us to offer health care coverage to 70% (in 2015) and 95% (beginning in 2016) of our employees and employer penalties that are scheduled to become effective in 2015.  Implementing the requirements of the Affordable Care Act will impose additional administrative costs on us. The costs and other effects of these new healthcare requirements cannot be determined with certainty; however, they could have a significant adverse effect on our operating results.  We have contracted various functions to third-party service providers, which transfers the execution of these services to the third-party providers and decreases our control over the performance of these functions. Disruptions or delays of our third-party service providers could result in delays in project completions, increased costs or adversely affect service levels.  We utilize third-party vendors to provide various functions, including, for example, certain construction activities, engineering services, facility inspections and operation of certain software systems.  Using third - parties to provide these functions has the effect of reducing our direct control over the services rendered.  The failure of one or more of our third-party providers to deliver the expected services on a timely basis, at the prices we expect, and as required by contract could result in significant disruptions, costs to our operations, or instances o f a contractor’s  non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.  Our partnership agreement restricts the voting rights of unitholders owning 20% or more of our common units.  Unitholders' voting rights are further restricted by a provision in our partnership agreement stating that any units held by a person that owns 20% or more of any class of our common units then outstanding, other than our general partner and its affiliates, cannot be voted on any matter.  In addition, our partnership agreement contains provisions limiting the ability of unitholders to call meetings or to acquire information about our operations, as well as other provisions limiting our unitholders' ability to influence our management.  As a result of this provision, the trading price of our common units may be lower than other forms of equity ownership due to the absence of a takeover premium in the trading price.   Your liability may not be limited if a court finds that unitholder action constitutes control of our business.  A general partner of a partnership generally has unlimited liability for the obligations of the partnership, except for those contractual obligations of the partnership that are expressly made without recourse to the general partner. Our partnership is organized under Delaware law and we conduct business in a number of other states. The limitations on the liability of holders of limited partner interests for the obligations of a limited partnership have not been clearly established in some of the other states in which we do business. You could be liable for any and all of our obligations as if you were a general partner if a court or government agency were to determine that:  • We were conducting business in a state but had not complied with that particular state's partnership statute; or  • Your rights to act with other unitholders to remove or replace the general partner, to approve some amendments to our partnership agreement or to take other actions under our partnership agreement constitute \\\"control\\\" of our business.  30  Our general partner's board of directors' absolute discretion in determining our level of cash reserves may adversely affect our ability to make cash distributions to our unitholders.  Our partnership agreement requires our general partner's board of directors to deduct from available cash the amount of any cash reserves that in its reasonable discretion are necessary to fund our future operating expenditures. In addition, the partnership agreement permits our general partner's board of directors to reduce available cash by establishing cash reserves for the proper conduct of our business, to comply with applicable laws or agreements to which we are a party or to provide funds for future distributions to partners. Any such cash reserves will reduce the amount of cash currently available for distribution to our unitholders.  Our partnership agreement replaces our general partner’s fiduciary duties to holders of our limited partner units with contractual standards governing its duties.  Our partnership agreement contains provisions that eliminate the fiduciary standards to which our general partner would otherwise be held by state fiduciary duty law and replaces those duties with several different contractual standards. For example, our partnership agreement permits our general partner to make a number of decisions in its sole discretion, free of any duties to us and holders of our limited partner units other than the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing. This provision entitles our general partner to consider only the interests and factors that it desires and relieves it of any duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of, or factors affecting, us or our limited partners. By owning a limited partner unit, a holder is treated as having consented to the provisions in our partnership agreement. Our partnership agreement restricts the remedies available to holders of our limited partner units for actions taken by our general partner that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. Our partnership agreement contains provisions that restrict the remedies available to holders of our limited partner units for actions taken by our general partner that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duty under state fiduciary duty law. For example, our partnership agreement: • provides that whenever our general partner is permitted or required to make a decision, in its capacity as our general partner, our general partner is permitted or required to make such a decision in good faith and will not be subject to any other or different standard imposed by our partnership agreement, Delaware law, or any other law, rule or regulation;  • provides that our general partner and its officers and directors will not be liable for monetary damages to us or our limited partners resulting from any act or omission if our general partner or its officers and directors, as the case may be, acted in good faith; and  • provides that, in the absence of bad faith, our general partner will not be in breach of its obligations under our partnership agreement or its fiduciary duties to us or our limited partners if a transaction with an affiliate or the resolution of a conflict of interest is approved in accordance with, or otherwise meets the standards set forth in, our partnership agreement.  If you are not a citizenship eligible holder, your limited partner units may be subject to redemption. Our partnership agreement contains provisions that apply if we determine that the nationality, citizenship or other related status of a holder of our limited partnership units creates a substantial risk of cancellation or forfeiture of any property in which we have an interest. If a holder of our limited partner units is not person who meets the requirements to be a citizenship eligible holder, which generally includes U.S. entities and individuals who are U.S. citizens, and, therefore, creates a risk to the partnership, the holder may have its limited partner units redeemed by us. In addition, if a holder of our limited partner units does not meet the requirements to be a citizenship eligible holder, such holder will not be entitled to voting rights and may not receive distributions in kind upon our liquidation.  31   An impairment of long-lived assets, investments in non-controlled entities or goodwill could reduce our earnings and negatively impact the value of our limited partner units.   At December 31, 2013, we had approximately $3,916 million of net property, plant and equipment, $361 million of investments in non-controlled entities and $53 million of goodwill. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to test long-lived assets, investments in non-controlled entities and goodwill for impairment.  If we were to determine that any of our long-lived assets, investments in non-controlled entities or goodwill were impaired, we would be required to take an immediate charge to earnings with a corresponding reduction of partners’ equity.  Such charges could be material to our results of operations and could adversely impact the value of our limited partner units.  Tax Risks to Limited Partner Unitholders  Our tax treatment depends on our status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. If the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) were to treat us as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, or otherwise subject us to entity-level taxation, it would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our unitholders.  The anticipated after-tax economic benefit of an investment in our limited partner units depends largely on our being treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes.  Despite the fact that we are a limited partnership under Delaware law, it is possible in certain circumstances for a partnership such as ours to be treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes. A change in our business or a change in current law could cause us to be treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject us to taxation as an entity.  If we were treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, we would pay federal income tax on our taxable income at the corporate tax rate, which is currently a maximum of 35%, and would likely pay state income tax at varying rates. Payments to our unitholders would generally be taxed again as corporate dividends, and no income, gains, losses or deductions would flow through to our unitholders. Because a tax would be imposed upon us as a corporation, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be substantially reduced. Therefore, treatment of us as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to our unitholders, likely causing a substantial reduction in the value of our limited partner units.  The tax treatment of our structure could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis.  Current law may change so as to cause us to be treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject us to entity-level taxation. For example, from time to time members of the U.S. Congress propose and consider substantive changes to the existing federal income tax laws that affect publicly traded partnerships.  We are unable to predict whether any such changes or any other proposals will ultimately be enacted. Moreover, any modification to the federal income tax laws and interpretations thereof may or may not be applied retroactively. Any such changes could negatively impact a unitholder's investment in our limited partner units.  At the state level, changes in current state law may subject us to additional entity-level taxation by individual states. Due to widespread state budget deficits and for other reasons, several states are evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of state income, franchise and other forms of taxation. Imposition of any such taxes may materially reduce the cash available for distribution to our unitholders.  32  If the IRS contests the federal income tax positions we take, the market for our limited partner units may be adversely impacted and the cost of any IRS contest will reduce our cash available for distribution to our unitholders.  The IRS has made no determination as to our status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. The IRS may adopt positions that differ from the positions we take. It may be necessary to resort to administrative or court proceedings to sustain some or all of the positions we take. A court may not agree with some or all of the positions we take. Any contest with the IRS may materially and adversely impact the market for our limited partner units and the price at which they trade. In addition, our costs of any contest with the IRS will be borne indirectly by our unitholders as the costs will reduce our cash available for distribution.  Our unitholders may be required to pay taxes on their share of our income even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us.  Because our unitholders will be treated as partners to whom we will allocate taxable income which could be different in amount than the cash we distribute, our unitholders will be required to pay any federal income taxes and, in some cases, state and local income taxes on their share of our taxable income even if they receive no cash distributions from us. Our unitholders may not receive cash distributions from us equal to their share of our taxable income or even equal to the actual tax liability that results from that income.  Tax gain or loss on disposition of our limited partner units could be more or less than expected.  If our unitholders sell their limited partner units, they will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and their tax basis in those limited partner units. Prior distributions to our unitholders in excess of the total net taxable income they were allocated for a limited partner unit, which decreased their tax basis in that limited partner unit, will, in effect, become taxable income to our unitholders if the limited partner unit is sold at a price greater than their tax basis in that limited partner unit, even if the price they receive is less than their original cost. A substantial portion of the amount realized, whether or not representing gain, may be taxed as ordinary income due to potential recapture items, including depreciation recapture. In addition, because the amount realized includes a unitholder's share of nonrecourse liabilities, if our unitholders sell their limited partner units, they may incur a tax liability in excess of the amount of cash received from the sale.  Tax-exempt entities and foreign persons face unique tax issues from owning our limited partner units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them.  Investment in limited partner units by tax-exempt entities, such as employee benefit plans, individual retirement accounts (known as IRAs) and foreign persons raises issues unique to them. For example, virtually all of our income allocated to organizations that are exempt from federal income tax, including IRAs and other retirement plans, will be unrelated business taxable income and will be taxable to them. Distributions to foreign persons will be reduced by withholding taxes at the highest applicable effective tax rate, and foreign persons will be required to file U.S. federal tax returns and pay tax on their share of our taxable income. Tax-exempt entities or foreign persons should consult their tax advisor before investing in our limited partner units.  We will treat each purchaser of limited partner units as having the same tax benefits without regard to the actual limited partner units purchased. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of our limited partner units.  Primarily because we cannot match transferors and transferees of limited partner units, we have adopted depreciation and amortization positions that may not conform to all aspects of existing Treasury Regulations.  A successful IRS challenge to those positions could adversely affect the amount of tax benefits available to our unitholders. It also could affect the timing of these tax benefits or the amount of gain from the sale of limited partner units and could have a negative impact on the value of our limited partner units or result in audit adjustments to our unitholders' tax returns.  33  We prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our limited partner units each month based upon the ownership of our limited partner units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is transferred. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders.  We prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our limited partner units each month based upon the ownership of our units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is transferred. The use of this proration method may not be permitted under existing Treasury Regulations.  The Department of the Treasury and the IRS have issued proposed Treasury Regulations that provide a safe harbor pursuant to which a publicly traded partnership may use a similar monthly simplifying convention to allocate tax items among transferor and transferee unitholders. Although existing publicly traded partnerships are entitled to rely on these proposed Treasury Regulations, they are not binding on the IRS and are subject to change until final Treasury Regulations are issued.  Further, the proposed regulations do not specifically authorize the use of the proration method we have adopted.  If the IRS were to challenge this method or new Treasury Regulations were issued, we may be required to change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders.  A unitholder whose limited partner units are loaned to a “short seller” to cover a short sale of limited partner units may be considered to have disposed of those limited partner units. If so, he would no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those limited partner units during the period of the loan and may recognize gain or loss from the disposition.  Because a unitholder whose limited partner units are loaned to a “short seller” to cover a short sale of limited partner units may be considered to have disposed of the loaned limited partner units, the unitholder may no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those limited partner units during the period of the loan to the short seller and the unitholder may recognize gain or loss from such disposition. Moreover, during the period of the loan to the short seller, any of our income, gain, loss or deduction with respect to those limited partner units may not be reportable by the unitholder and any cash distributions received by the unitholder as to those limited partner units could be fully taxable as ordinary income. Unitholders desiring to assure their status as partners and avoid the risk of gain recognition from a loan to a short seller are urged to modify any applicable brokerage account agreements to prohibit their brokers from borrowing their limited partner units.  We have adopted certain valuation methodologies that may result in a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction between our partners. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of our limited partner units.  When we issue additional limited partner units or engage in certain other transactions, we determine the fair market value of our assets and allocate any unrealized gain or loss attributable to our assets to the capital accounts of our partners.  Our methodology may be viewed as understating the value of our assets.  In that case, there may be a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction between our partners, which may be unfavorable to certain unitholders.  Moreover, under our valuation methods, subsequent purchasers of common units may have a greater portion of their IRS Section 743(b) adjustment allocated to our tangible assets and a lesser portion allocated to our intangible assets.  The IRS may challenge our valuation methods, or our allocation of the Internal Revenue Code Section 743(b) adjustment attributable to our tangible and intangible assets, and allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction between our partners.  A successful IRS challenge to these methods or allocations could adversely affect the amount of taxable income or loss being allocated to our unitholders. It also could affect the amount of gain from our unitholders' sale of our limited partner units and could have a negative impact on the value of our limited partner units or result in audit adjustments to our unitholders' tax returns without the benefit of additional deductions.  34  The sale or exchange of 50% or more of our capital and profits interests during any 12-month period will result in the termination of our partnership for federal income tax purposes.  We will be considered to have technically terminated for federal income tax purposes if there is a sale or exchange of 50% or more of the total interests in our capital and profits within a 12-month period. For purposes of determining whether the 50% threshold has been met, multiple sales of the same unit are counted only once. Our technical termination would not affect our classification as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, but could, among other things, result in the closing of our taxable year for all unitholders, which could result in our filing two tax returns for one fiscal year, and in a significant deferral of depreciation deductions allowable in computing our taxable income. In the case of a unitholder reporting on a taxable year other than a fiscal year ending December 31, the closing of our taxable year results in more than 12 months of our taxable income or loss being includable in the unitholder's taxable income for the year of termination.  Our unitholders may be subject to state and local taxes and return filing requirements in states where they do not live as a result of investing in our limited partner units.  In addition to federal income taxes, our unitholders may be subject to other taxes, including state and local taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we conduct business or own property now or in the future, even if they do not live in any of those jurisdictions. Our unitholders may be required to file state and local income tax returns and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of these various jurisdictions. Further, our unitholders may be subject to penalties for failure to comply with those requirements. We currently own assets and conduct business in 24 states, most of which impose a personal income tax. As we make acquisitions or expand our business, we may own assets or conduct business in additional states that impose a personal income tax.  Item 1B.\""
