[1] "[1] \"Item 1A.    Risk Factors The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks anduncertainties described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that it may currently deem immaterial also may impair its businessoperations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected.  Risks Related to Our Business and Operations Our business model, especially our concentration in premium full-service hotels, can be highly volatile. We own hotels, a very different asset class from many other REITs. A typical office REIT, for example, has long-term leases with third party tenants,which provides a relatively stable long-term stream of revenue. Our TRS, on the other hand, does not enter into a lease with a hotel manager. Instead, our TRS engages the hotel managerpursuant to a management agreement and pays the manager a fee for managing the hotel. The TRS receives all the operating profit or losses at the hotel. Moreover, virtually all hotel guests stay at thehotel for only a few nights, so the rate and occupancy at each of our hotels changes every day. As a result, we may have highly volatile earnings. Inaddition to fluctuations related to our business model, our hotels are and will continue to be subject to various long-term operating risks common to the hotel industry,many of which are beyond our control, including: <U+0095> competitionfrom other hotels that may be located in our markets; <U+0095> anover-supply or over-building of hotels in our markets, which could adversely affect occupancy rates and revenues at our properties; <U+0095> dependenceon business and commercial travelers and tourism, both of which vary with consumer and business perceptions as to the strength of the general economy; <U+0095> increasesin energy and transportation costs and other expenses affecting travel, which may affect travel patterns and reduce the number of business and commercial travelersand tourists; <U+0095> increasesin operating costs due to inflation and other factors that may not be offset by increased room rates; and <U+0095> changesin governmental laws and regulations, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance. Inaddition, our hotels are mostly in the premium full-service segment of the hotel business that tends to have the best operating results in a strong economy and the worstresults in a weak economy. In periods of weak demand, profitability is negatively affected by the relatively high fixed costs of operating premium full-service hotels when compared toother classes of hotels. Theoccurrence of any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions toour stockholders. Our portfolio is highly concentrated in a handful of core markets. We expect that in 2008 more than 70% of our earnings will be derived from our hotels in three destination resorts (Frenchman's Reef, Vail Marriott, and the Lodgeat Sonoma) and five gateway cities (New York City, Boston, Chicago, Los Angeles and Atlanta) and as such, the operations of these hotels will have a material impact on our overall results ofoperations. As a result, we have a highly concentrated portfolio and this concentration may lead to volatility in our results. In the event of an 10 economicdownturn in any of these cities, the unpopularity of any of these destinations resorts, or a manmade or natural disaster or casualty or other damage to one of our key hotels, our overallresults of operations may be adversely affected. Our recently built or converted hotels have limited operating history and, as such, the hotels may not achieve the returns that we are expecting, and as a result, our overallreturns may be negatively impacted. The Westin Boston Waterfront Hotel opened in June 2006, and has limited operating history. Our ability to accurately forecast future operations is accordinglylimited. In addition, the Westin Boston Waterfront Hotel is located in a newly developed submarket of Boston. Should the retail, office and apartment developments of this submarket fail to develop aswe currently expect, this submarket may not be an attractive destination to travelers. As a result, there is considerable risk this hotel may not achieve the returns we are expecting and our overallreturns may be negatively impacted. TheChicago Conrad converted to the Conrad brand in June 2006, and has limited operating history as a Conrad. Moreover, the Conrad brand does not have the brand recognition of otherpremium and luxury brands. Our ability to accurately forecast future operations is accordingly limited. As a result, there is considerable risk this hotel may not achieve the returns we are expectingand our overall returns may be negatively impacted. TheOak Brook Hills Marriott Resort was converted to a Marriott hotel in July 2005 and the initial financial performance following the conversion did not meet expectations. However, wewere able to minimize the financial impact of the transition through yield support that we received from Marriott. That yield support expired at the end of 2007. Our hotels are subject to significant competition. Currently, we believe the supply and demand in the markets where our hotels are located is in balance and, with few exceptions, the markets are very competitive.However, a material increase in the supply of new hotel rooms to a market can quickly destabilize that market and existing hotels can experience rapidly decreasing RevPAR and profitability. If suchover-building occurs in one or more of our major markets, we may experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to makedistributions to our stockholders. In particular, we own the Renaissance Worthington located in Fort Worth, Texas, a market that is currently characterized by a relatively stable hotel supply andmodestly growing business and transient demand. The city of Fort Worth has decided to heavily subsidize the building of a 600-room hotel to be owned and operated by Omni Hotels. The newOmni hotel is located within a close proximity to our hotel and is expected to destabilize the local hotel market and significantly decrease the operating profits from our hotel. In the event of natural disasters, terrorist attacks, significant military actions, outbreaks of contagious diseases or other events for which we may not have adequateinsurance, our operations may suffer. One of our major hotels, Frenchman's Reef & Morning Star Marriott Beach Resort, is located on the side of a cliff facing the ocean in the United StatesVirgin Islands, which is in the so-called \\\"hurricane belt\\\" in the Caribbean. The hotel was partially destroyed by a hurricane in the mid-1990's and since then has been damagedby subsequent hurricanes. In addition, three of our hotels, the Los Angeles Airport Marriott, the Torrance Marriott South Bay and The Lodge at Sonoma, a Renaissance Resort & Spa, are located inareas that are seismically active. Finally, eight of our hotels are located in metropolitan markets that have been, or may in the future be, targets of actual or threatened terrorist attacks,including New York City, Chicago, Boston and Los Angeles. These hotels are each material to our financial results. Chicago Marriott, Westin Boston Waterfront Hotel, Los Angeles Airport Marriott,Frenchman's Reef & Morning Star Marriott Beach Resort, Courtyard Manhattan/Midtown East, 11 ConradChicago, Torrance Marriott South Bay, the Lodge at Sonoma, and Courtyard Manhattan/Fifth Avenue constituted 14.5%, 9.7%, 8.8%, 7.7%, 4.5%, 4.0%, 3.6%, 2.6% and 2.6%, respectively, of our totalrevenues in 2007. Additionally, even in the absence of direct physical damage to our hotels, the occurrence of any natural disasters, terrorist attacks, significant military actions, outbreaks ofcontagious diseases, such as SARS or the avian bird flu, or other casualty events affecting the United States, will likely have a material adverse effect on business and commercial travelers andtourists, the economy generally and the hotel and tourism industries in particular. While we cannot predict the impact of the occurrence of any of these events, such impact could result in a materialadverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Wehave acquired and intend to maintain comprehensive insurance on each of our hotels, including liability, terrorism, fire and extended coverage, of the type and amount we believe arecustomarily obtained for or by hotel owners. We cannot assure you that such coverage will be available at reasonable rates or with reasonable deductibles. For example, Frenchman's Reef &Morning Star Marriott Beach Resort has a high deductible if it is damaged due to a wind storm. Various types of catastrophic losses, like earthquakes, floods, losses from foreign terrorist activitiessuch as those on September 11, 2001, or losses from domestic terrorist activities such as the Oklahoma City bombing may not be insurable or are generally not insured because of economicinfeasibility, legal restrictions or the policies of insurers. Future lenders may require such insurance and our failure to obtain such insurance could constitute a default under loan agreements.Depending on our access to capital, liquidity and the value of the properties securing the affected loan in relation to the balance of the loan, a default could have a material adverse effect on ourresults of operations and ability to obtain future financing. Inthe event of a substantial loss, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover the full current market value or replacement cost of our lost investment. Should an uninsuredloss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a hotel, as well as the anticipated future revenue from that particular hotel. Inthat event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmentalconsiderations and other factors might also keep us from using insurance proceeds to replace or renovate a hotel after it has been damaged or destroyed. Under those circumstances, the insuranceproceeds we receive might be inadequate to restore our economic position with regard to the damaged or destroyed property. Withor without insurance, damage to any of our hotels, or to the hotel industry generally, due to fire, hurricane, earthquake, terrorism, outbreaks such as avian bird flu or otherman-made or natural disasters or casualty events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to ourstockholders. The hotel industry is capital intensive and we are subject to risks associated with our ongoing need for renovations and capital improvements as well as financing for suchexpenditures. In order to remain competitive, our hotels have an ongoing need for renovations and other capital improvements, including replacements, from time to time, offurniture, fixtures and equipment. These capital improvements may give rise to the following risks: <U+0095> constructioncost overruns and delays; <U+0095> apossible shortage of available cash to fund capital improvements and the related possibility that financing for these capital improvements may not be available to us onaffordable terms; <U+0095> disruptionsin the operations of the hotel as well as in demand for the hotel while capital improvements are underway; and 12 <U+0095> disputeswith franchisors/hotel managers regarding compliance with relevant management/franchise agreements. Thecosts of these capital improvements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to ourstockholders. Inaddition, we may not be able to fund capital improvements or acquisitions solely from cash provided from our operating activities because we generally must distribute at least 90% ofour REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction, each year to maintain our REIT tax status. As a result, our ability to fund capital expenditures, or investmentsthrough retained earnings, is very limited. Consequently, we will rely upon the availability of debt or equity capital to fund our investments and capital improvements, but these sources of funds maynot be available on favorable terms and conditions. Our hotel portfolio is not diverse by brand or manager and there are risks associated with using Marriott's brands on most of our hotels and having Marriott manage most of ourhotels. Our success depends in part on the success of Marriott. Seventeen of our current hotels utilize brands owned by Marriott. As a result, our success is dependent in part on the continued success of Marriott and itsbrands. If market recognition or the positive perception of these Marriott brands is reduced or compromised, the goodwill associated with Marriottbranded hotels may be adversely affected and the results of operations of our hotels may be adversely affected. As a result, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financialcondition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Our success depends in part on maintaining good relations with Marriott. We have pursued, and continue to pursue, hotel investment opportunities referred to us by Marriott, and we intend to work with Marriott as our preferred hotelmanagement company. Marriott is paid a fee based on gross revenues of the hotels they manage while we only benefit from operating profits at our hotels. Thus, it is possible that Marriott mayencourage us to acquire a hotel which generates significant gross revenues, but little or no operating profit. Dueto the differences in how each company earns its money, which company is responsible for operating losses and capital expenditures, and tensions between an individual hotel and thebrand standards of a large chain, there are natural conflicts between an owner of a hotel and a brand company, such as Marriott. These differing objectives could result in deterioration in ourrelationship with Marriott and may adversely affect our ability to execute business strategies, which in turn would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results ofoperations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Overthe last several years, Marriott has been involved in contractual and other disputes with owners of the hotels it manages. Although we currently maintain good relations withMarriott, we cannot assure you that disputes between us and Marriott regarding the management of our properties will not arise. Should our relationship with Marriott deteriorate, we believe that twoof our competitive advantages (namely our ability to work with senior executives at Marriott to improve the asset management of our hotels and our investment sourcing relationship) could beeliminated, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 13 Our results of operations are highly dependent on the management of our hotel properties by third-party hotel management companies, including Marriott. In order to qualify as a REIT, we cannot operate our hotel properties or participate in the decisions that affect the daily operations of our hotel properties.Our TRS lessees may not operate these hotel properties and, therefore, they must enter into third-party hotel management agreements with one or more eligible independent contractors (includingMarriott). Thus, third-party hotel management companies that enter into management contracts with our TRS lessees will control the daily operations of our hotel properties. Underthe terms of the hotel management agreements that we have entered into, or that we will enter into in the future, our ability to participate in operating decisions regarding ourhotel properties is limited. We currently rely, and will continue to rely, on these hotel management companies to adequately operate our hotel properties under the terms of the hotel managementagreements. We do not have the authority to require any hotel property to be operated in a particular manner or to govern any particular aspect of its operations (for instance, setting room rates).Thus, even if we believe our hotel properties are being operated inefficiently or in a manner that does not result in satisfactory occupancy rates, ADRs and operating profits, we may not havesufficient rights under our hotel management agreements to enable us to force the hotel management company to change its method of operation. We can only seek redress if a hotel management companyviolates the terms of the applicable hotel management agreement with the TRS lessee, and then only to the extent of the remedies provided for under the terms of the hotel management agreement. Ourcurrent management agreements are generally non-terminable, subject to certain exceptions for cause, and in the event that we need to replace any of our hotel management companies pursuantto termination for cause, we may experience significant disruptions at the affected properties, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations andour ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties and harm our financialcondition. Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, our ability to promptly sell one or more hotel properties or investments in our portfolio in response tochanging economic, financial and investment conditions may be limited. The real estate market is affected by many factors that are beyond our control, including: <U+0095> adversechanges in international, national, regional and local economic and market conditions; <U+0095> changesin interest rates and in the availability, cost and terms of debt financing; <U+0095> changesin governmental laws and regulations, fiscal policies and zoning ordinances and the related costs of compliance with laws and regulations, fiscal policies andordinances; <U+0095> theongoing need for capital improvements, particularly in older structures; <U+0095> changesin operating expenses; and <U+0095> civilunrest, acts of God, including earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters and acts of war or terrorism, including the consequences of terrorist acts such as thosethat occurred on September 11, 2001, which may result in uninsured losses. Wemay decide to sell our hotel properties in the future. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any hotel property or investment for the price or on the terms set by us, orwhether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of ahotel property or loan. 14 Wemay be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a hotel property can be sold. We cannot assure you that we will have funds available to correct thosedefects or to make those improvements. In acquiring a hotel property, we may agree to lock-out provisions that materially restrict us from selling that hotel property for a period of timeor impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that hotel property. These facts and any others that would impede our ability to respond toadverse changes in the performance of our hotel properties could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, as well as our ability to make distributions tostockholders. Our ownership of properties through ground leases exposes us to the risk that we may have a difficulty financing such properties, may sell such properties for a lower price ormay lose such properties upon breach or termination of the ground leases. We acquired interests in four hotels (Bethesda Marriott Suites, Courtyard Manhattan/Fifth Avenue, the Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown and the Westin BostonWaterfront Hotel), the parking lot associated with another hotel (Renaissance Worthington) and two golf courses associated with two additional hotels (Marriott Griffin Gate Resort and Oak Brook HillsMarriott Resort) by acquiring a leasehold interest in land underlying the property. We may acquire additional hotels in the future through the purchase of hotels subject to ground leases. In the past,from time to time, secured lenders have been unwilling to lend, or otherwise charged higher interest rates, for loans secured by a leasehold mortgage compared to loans secured by a fee simplemortgage. In addition, at any given time, investors may be disinterested in buying properties subject to a ground lease and may pay a lower price for such properties than for a comparable property infee simple or they may not purchase such properties at any prices, so we may find that we will have a difficult time selling a property subject to a ground lease or may receive less proceeds from suchsale. Finally, as lessee under ground leases, we are exposed to the possibility of losing the hotel, or a portion of the hotel, upon termination, or an earlier breach by us, of the ground lease, whichcould result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Due to restrictions in our hotel management agreements, mortgage agreements and ground leases, we may not be able to sell our hotels at the highest possible price (or at all).  Our current hotel management agreements are long-term and contain certain restrictions on selling our hotels, which may affectthe value of our hotels. Thehotel management agreements that we have entered into, and those we expect to enter into in the future, contain provisions restricting our ability to dispose of our hotels which, inturn, may have an adverse affect on the value of our hotels. Our hotel management agreements generally prohibit the sale of a hotel to: <U+0095> certaincompetitors of the manager; <U+0095> purchaserswho are insufficiently capitalized; or <U+0095> purchaserswho might jeopardize certain liquor or gaming licenses. Inaddition, there are rights of first refusal in the hotel management agreement for the Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown and in both the franchise agreement and management agreement forthe Vail Marriott Mountain Resort & Spa. These rights of first refusal might discourage certain purchasers from expending resources to conduct due diligence and making an offer to purchasethese hotels from us, thus resulting in a lower sales price. Finally,our current hotel management agreements contain initial terms ranging from ten to forty years and certain agreements have renewal periods, exercisable at the option of theproperty manager, of ten to forty-five years. Because our hotels would have to be sold subject to the applicable hotel 15 managementagreement, the term length of a hotel management agreement may deter some potential purchasers and could adversely impact the price realized from any such sale. To the extent we receiveless sale proceeds, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders. Our mortgage agreements contain certain provisions that may limit our ability to sell our hotels. In order to assign or transfer our rights and obligations under certain of our mortgage agreements, we generally must: <U+0095> obtainthe consent of the lender; <U+0095> paya fee equal to a fixed percentage of the outstanding loan balance; and <U+0095> payany costs incurred by the lender in connection with any such assignment or transfer. Theseprovisions of our mortgage agreements may limit our ability to sell our hotels which, in turn, could adversely impact the price realized from any such sale. To the extent wereceive less sale proceeds, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders. Our ground leases contain certain provisions that may limit our ability to sell our hotels. Our ground lease agreements with respect to Bethesda Marriott Suites, Salt Lake City Marriott Downtown and the Westin Boston Waterfront Hotel require the consentof the lessor for assignment or transfer. These provisions of our ground leases may limit our ability to sell our hotels which, in turn, could adversely impact the price realized from any such sale.In addition, at any given time, investors may be disinterested in buying properties subject to a ground lease and may pay a lower price for such properties than for a comparable property in fee simpleor they may not purchase such properties at any price. Accordingly, we may find it difficult to sell a property subject to a ground lease or may receive lower proceeds from any such sale. To theextent we receive less sale proceeds, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders. We face competition for the acquisition of hotels and we may not be successful in identifying or completing hotel acquisitions that meet our criteria, which may impede ourgrowth. One component of our business strategy is expansion through acquisitions, and we may not be successful in identifying or completing acquisitions that areconsistent with our strategy. We compete with institutional pension funds, private equity investors, REITs, hotel companies and others who are engaged in the acquisition of hotels. This competitionfor hotel investments may increase the price we pay for hotels and these competitors may succeed in acquiring those hotels that we seek to acquire. Furthermore, our potential acquisition targets mayfind our competitors to be more attractive suitors because they may have greater financial resources, may be willing to pay more or may have a more compatible operating philosophy. In addition, thenumber of entities competing for suitable hotels may increase in the future, which would increase demand for these hotels and the prices we must pay to acquire them. If we pay higher prices forhotels, our returns on investment and profitability may be reduced. Also, future acquisitions of hotels or hotel companies may not yield the returns we expect and may result in stockholder dilution. Our success depends on senior executive officers whose continued service is not guaranteed. We depend on the efforts and expertise of our senior executive officers to manage our day-to-day operations and strategic businessdirection. The loss of any of their services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 16  We may suffer disruption in connection with changes in our executive team. Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, William W. McCarten, may retire. If he elects to retire, we may promote an internal candidate or seek an externalcandidate as our new Chief Executive Officer. In either event, there may be some disruption suffered by our organization in connection with the change. In particular, it may be difficult to retain theservices of any internal candidate who was not promoted. As we are a very small company, the loss of any of our executive officers could have an adverse effect on our ability to successfully executeour business strategies. Moreover, certain stockholders may view any change in our management team negatively and may sell our stock, causing the value of our stock to decline. Noncompliance with governmental regulations could adversely affect our operating results. Environmental matters. Our hotels are, and the hotels we acquire in the future will be, subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws. Under these laws, courts andgovernment agencies may have the authority to require us, as owner of a contaminated property, to clean up the property, even if we did not know of or were not responsible for the contamination. Theselaws also apply to persons who owned a property at the time it became contaminated. In addition to the costs of cleanup, environmental contamination can affect the value of a property and, therefore,an owner's ability to borrow funds using the property as collateral or to sell the property. Under the environmental laws, courts and government agencies also have the authority to require that aperson who sent waste to a waste disposal facility, such as a landfill or an incinerator, pay for the clean-up of that facility if it becomes contaminated and threatens human health or theenvironment. A person that arranges for the disposal or treatment, or transports for disposal or treatment, a hazardous substance at a property owned by another person may be liable for the costs ofremoval or remediation of hazardous substances released into the environment at that property. Furthermore,various court decisions have established that third parties may recover damages for injury caused by property contamination. For instance, a person exposed to asbestos whilestaying in a hotel may seek to recover damages if he or she suffers injury from the asbestos. Lastly, some of these environmental laws restrict the use of a property or place conditions on variousactivities. For example, certain laws require a business using chemicals (such as swimming pool chemicals at a hotel) to manage them carefully and to notify local officials that the chemicals arebeing used. Wecould be responsible for the costs associated with a contaminated property. The costs to clean up a contaminated property, to defend against a claim, or to comply with environmentallaws could be material and could adversely affect the funds available for distribution to our stockholders. We cannot assure you that future laws or regulations will not impose material environmentalliabilities or that the current environmental condition of our hotels will not be affected by the condition of the properties in the vicinity of our hotels (such as the presence of leaking undergroundstorage tanks) or by third parties unrelated to us. Wemay face liability regardless of: <U+0095> ourknowledge of the contamination; <U+0095> thetiming of the contamination; <U+0095> thecause of the contamination; or <U+0095> theparty responsible for the contamination of the property. Althoughwe have taken and will take commercially reasonable steps to assess the condition of our properties, there may be unknown environmental problems associated with our properties.If 17 environmentalcontamination exists on our properties, we could become subject to strict, joint and several liability for the contamination by virtue of our ownership interest. In addition, we areobligated to indemnify our lenders for any liability they may incur in connection with a contaminated property. Thepresence of hazardous substances or petroleum contamination on a property may adversely affect our ability to sell the property and could cause us to incur substantial remediationcosts. The discovery of environmental liabilities attached to our properties could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition and our ability to pay dividendsto our stockholders. Americans with Disabilities Act and other changes in governmental rules and regulations. Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, or the ADA, all public accommodations must meet various federal requirements related to access and use bydisabled persons. Compliance with the ADA's requirements could require removal of access barriers, and non-compliance could result in the U.S. government imposing fines or privatelitigants winning damages. If we are required to make substantial modifications to our hotels, whether to comply with the ADA or other changes in governmental rules and regulations, our financialcondition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected. Our hotel properties may contain or develop harmful mold, which could lead to liability for adverse health effects and costs of remediating the problem. When excessive moisture accumulates in buildings or on building materials, mold growth may occur, particularly if the moisture problem remains undiscovered or isnot addressed over a period of time. Some molds may produce airborne toxins or irritants. Concern about indoor exposure to mold has been increasing, as exposure to mold may cause a variety of adversehealth effects and symptoms, including allergic reactions. As a result, the presence of mold to which our hotel guests or employees could be exposed at any of our properties could require us toundertake a costly remediation program to contain or remove the mold from the affected property, which would reduce our cash available for distribution. In addition, exposure to mold by our guests oremployees, management company employees or others could expose us to liability if property damage or adverse health concerns arise. A portion of our revenues may be attributable to operations outside of the United States, which will subject us to different legal, monetary and political risks, as well ascurrency exchange risks, and may cause unpredictability in a significant source of our cash flows that could adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. We may acquire selective hotel properties outside of the United States. International investments and operations generally are subject to various political andother risks that are different from and in addition to risks in U.S. investments, including: <U+0095> theenactment of laws prohibiting or restricting the foreign ownership of property; <U+0095> lawsrestricting us from removing profits earned from activities within the foreign country to the United States, including the payment of distributions,i.e., nationalization of assets located within a country; <U+0095> variationsin the currency exchange rates, mostly arising from revenues made in local currencies; <U+0095> changein the availability, cost and terms of mortgage funds resulting from varying national economic policies; <U+0095> changesin real estate and other tax rates and other operating expenses in particular countries; and <U+0095> morestringent environmental laws or changes in such laws. 18 Inaddition, currency devaluations and unfavorable changes in international monetary and tax policies could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and financing plans, ascould other changes in the international regulatory climate and international economic conditions. Liabilities arising from differing legal, monetary and political risks as well as currencyfluctuations could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, the requirements for qualifying as a REIT limitour ability to earn gains, as determined for federal income tax purposes, attributable to changes in currency exchange rates. These limitations may significantly limit our ability to invest outside ofthe United States or impair our ability to qualify as a REIT. The Frenchman's Reef and Morning Star Marriott Beach Resort is the subject of a tax holiday which may expire in 2010. Our hotel located in the U.S. Virgin Islands is subject to a tax holiday which enables us to pay taxes at 10 percent of the statutory tax rate of37.4 percent in the U.S. Virgin Islands. That tax holiday is set to expire in February 2010. While we are diligently working to extend the tax holiday, we may not be successful. If we areunsuccessful, our hotel will be subject to taxes at the full statutory rate. Any properties we invest in outside of the United States may be subject to foreign taxes. We may invest in additional hotel properties located outside the United States. Jurisdictions outside the United States will generally impose taxes on our hotelproperties and our operations within their jurisdictions. To the extent possible, we will structure our investments and activities to minimize our foreign tax liability, but we will likely incurforeign taxes with respect to non-U.S. properties. Moreover, the requirements for qualification as a REIT may preclude us from always using the structure that minimizes our foreign taxliability. Furthermore, as a REIT, we and our stockholders will derive little or no benefit from the foreign tax credits arising from the foreign taxes we pay. As a result, foreign taxes we pay willreduce our income and available cash flow from our foreign hotel properties, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and ourability to make distributions to our stockholders. Seasonality of the hotel business can be expected to cause quarterly fluctuations in our earnings. The hotel industry is seasonal in nature. Generally, our earnings are higher in the second and fourth quarters. As a result, we may have to enter intoshort-term borrowings in our first and third quarters in order to offset these fluctuations in earnings and to make distributions to our stockholders.  Risks Related to Our Status as a REIT We cannot assure you that we will remain qualified as a REIT. We believe we are qualified to be taxed as a REIT for our taxable year ended December 31, 2007, and we expect to continue to qualify as a REIT for futuretaxable years, but we cannot assure you that we have qualified, or will remain qualified, as a REIT. TheREIT qualification requirements are extremely complex and official interpretations of the federal income tax laws governing qualification as a REIT are limited. Certain aspects ofour REIT qualification are beyond our control. For example, we will fail to qualify as a REIT if one of our hotel managers acquires directly or constructively more than 35% of our stock. Accordingly,we cannot be certain that we will be successful in operating so that we can remain qualified as a REIT. At any time, new laws, interpretations, or court decisions may change the federal tax laws orthe federal income tax consequences of our qualification as a REIT. 19 Moreover,our charter provides that our board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is nolonger in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. Ifwe fail to qualify as a REIT and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, or otherwise cease to be a REIT, we will be subject to federal income tax on our taxableincome. We might need to borrow money or sell assets in order to pay any such tax. Unless we were entitled to relief under certain federal income tax laws, we could not re-elect REITstatus until the fifth calendar year after the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. Maintaining our REIT qualification contains certain restrictions and drawbacks. Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. To remain qualified as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, thenature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our stock. In order to meet these tests, we may be required to forego attractive businessor investment opportunities. For example, we may not lease to our TRS any hotel which contains gaming. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely to maximizeprofits. Failure to make required distributions would subject us to tax. In order to remain qualified as a REIT, we generally are required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to thedividends paid deduction, each year to our stockholders. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100% of our taxable income, we will be subject to federalcorporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar yearis less than a minimum amount specified under federal tax laws. As a result, for example, of differences between cash flow and the accrual of income and expenses for tax purposes, or of nondeductibleexpenditures, our REIT taxable income in any given year could exceed our cash available for distribution. Accordingly, we may be required to borrow money or sell assets to make distributionssufficient to enable us to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the distribution requirement and to avoid federal corporate income tax and the 4% nondeductible excise tax in a particularyear. The formation of our TRSs and TRS lessees increases our overall tax liability. Our domestic TRSs are subject to federal and state income tax on their taxable income. The taxable income of our TRS lessees currently consists and generally willcontinue to consist of revenues from the hotels leased by our TRS lessees plus, in certain cases, key money payments (amounts paid to us by a hotel management company in exchange for the right tomanage a hotel we acquire), net of theoperating expenses for such properties and rent payments to us. Such taxes could be substantial. Our non-U.S. TRSs also may be subject to tax in jurisdictions where they operate. Weincur a 100% excise tax on transactions with our TRSs that are not conducted on an arms-length basis. For example, to the extent that the rent paid by one of our TRSlessees exceeds an arms-length rental amount, such amount potentially is subject to the excise tax. While we believe we structure all of our leases on an arms-length basis,upon an audit, the IRS might disagree with our conclusion. 20 You may be restricted from transferring our common stock. In order to maintain our REIT qualification, among other requirements, no more than 50% in value of our outstanding stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, byfive or fewer individuals (as defined in the federal income tax laws to include various kinds of entities) during the last half of any taxable year (other than the first year for which a REIT electionis made). In addition, the REIT rules generally prohibit a manager of one of our hotels from owning, directly or indirectly, more than 35% of our stock and a person who holds 35% or more of our stockfrom also holding, directly or indirectly, more than 35% of any such hotel management company. To qualify for and preserve REIT status, our charter contains an aggregate share ownership limit and acommon share ownership limit. Generally, any shares of our stock owned by affiliated owners will be added together for purposes of the aggregate share ownership limit, and any shares of common stockowned by affiliated owners will be added together for purposes of the common share ownership limit. Ifanyone transfers or owns shares in a way that would violate the aggregate share ownership limit or the common share ownership limit (unless such ownership limits have been waived byour board of directors), or prevent us from continuing to qualify as a REIT under the federal income tax laws, those shares instead will be transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitablebeneficiary and will be either redeemed by us or sold to a person whose ownership of the shares will not violate the aggregate share ownership limit or the common share ownership limit. If thistransfer to a trust fails to prevent such a violation or our continued qualification as a REIT, then we will consider the initial intended transfer or ownership to be null and void from the outset.The intended transferee or owner of those shares will be deemed never to have owned the shares. Anyone who acquires or owns shares in violation of the aggregate share ownership limit, the common shareownership limit (unless such ownership limits have been waived by our board of directors) or the other restrictions on transfer or ownership in our charter bears the risk of a financial loss when theshares are redeemed or sold if the market price of our stock falls between the date of purchase and the date of redemption or sale.  Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure Provisions of our charter may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of our company. Our charter provides that no person may beneficially own more than 9.8% of our common stock or of the value of the aggregate outstanding shares of our capitalstock, except certain \\\"look-through entities,\\\" such as mutual funds, which may beneficially own up to 15% of our common stock or of the value of the aggregate outstanding shares of ourcapital stock. Our board of directors has waived this ownership limitation for Marriott Hotel Services, Inc. and certain institutional investors in the past. Our bylaws waive this ownershiplimitation for certain other classes of investors. These ownership limitations may prevent an acquisition of control of our company by a third party without our board of directors' approval, even ifour stockholders believe the change of control is in their best interests. Ourcharter also authorizes our board of directors to issue up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock and up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, to classify or reclassify anyunissued shares of common stock or preferred stock and to set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. Furthermore, our board of directors may, without anyaction by the stockholders, amend our charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue. Issuances ofadditional shares of stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium to the market price of our commonstock or otherwise be in our stockholders' best interests. 21 Certain advance notice provisions of our bylaws may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of our company. Our bylaws provide that (a) with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to our board of directors and theproposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (i) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (ii) by the board of directors or (iii) by a stockholder who isentitled to vote at the meeting and has complied with the advance noticeprocedures set forth in the bylaws and (b) with respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of meeting may be brought before the meeting ofstockholders and nominations of persons for election to the board of directors may be made only (i) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (ii) by the board of directors or(iii) provided that the board of directors has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and has complied with theadvance notice provisions set forth in the bylaws. These advance notice provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our company thatmight involve a premium to the market price of our common stock or otherwise be in our stockholders' best interests. Provisions of Maryland law may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of our company. The Maryland General Corporation Law, or the MGCL, has certain restrictions on a \\\"business combination\\\" and \\\"control share acquisition\\\" which we have opted outof. If an affirmative majority of votes cast by a majority of stockholders entitled to vote approve it, our board of directors may opt in to such provisions of the MGCL. If we opt in, and theshareholders approve it, these provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium price for holders ofour common stock or otherwise be in their best interests. Additionally,Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL permits our board of directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to takecertain actions that may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control of our company that might involve a premium to the market price of our common stockor otherwise be in our stockholders' best interests. We have entered into an agreement with each of our senior executive officers that provides each of them benefits in the event his employment is terminated by us without cause,by him for good reason, or under certain circumstances following a change of control of our company. We have entered into an agreement with each of our senior executive officers that provides each of them with severance benefits if his employment is terminatedunder certain circumstances following a change of control of our company. Certain of these benefits and the related tax indemnity could prevent or deter a change of control of our company that mightinvolve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. Risk of future dilution. We may issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock to raise the capital necessary to finance the hotel acquisitions or may issue common stock orpreferred stock or partnership units, which are redeemable on a one-to-one basis for our common stock, to acquire hotels. Such issuances could result in dilution ofshareholders' equity. 22 Future offerings of debt securities or preferred stock, which would be senior to our common stock upon liquidation and for the purpose of distributions, may cause the marketprice of our common stock to decline. In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making additional offerings of debt or equity securities, including commercial paper,medium-term notes, senior or subordinated notes and classes of preferred stock or common stock. We will be able to issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock withoutstockholder approval, unless stockholder approval is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. Uponliquidation, holders of our debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive a distribution of our available assets prior to the holders of ourcommon stock. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of our existing stockholders or reduce the market price of our common stock, or both. Holders of our common stock are not entitled topreemptive rights or other protections against dilution. Preferred stock and debt, if issued, could have a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on dividend or interest payments thatcould limit our ability to make a distribution to the holders of our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factorsbeyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, our stockholders bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of ourcommon stock and diluting their interest.  Risks Related to Our Debt and Financing Our existing indebtedness contains financial covenants that could limit our operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Our existing indebtedness contains financial and operating covenants, such as net worth requirements, fixed charge coverage, debt ratios and other limitationswhich will restrict our ability to make distributions or other payments to our stockholders, sell all or substantially all of our assets and engage in mergers, consolidations and certain acquisitions.In addition, our existing indebtedness contains restrictions (including cash management provisions) that may under circumstances specified in the loan agreements prohibit our subsidiaries that own ourhotels from making distributions or paying dividends, repaying loans to us or other subsidiaries or transferring any of their assets to us or another subsidiary. Failure to meet our financialcovenants could result from, among other things, changes in our results of operations, the incurrence of debt or changes in general economic conditions. These covenants may restrict our ability toengage in transactions that we believe would otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. This could cause one or more of our lenders to accelerate the timing of payments and could have amaterial adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. There is refinancing risk associated with our debt. Our typical debt contains limited principal amortization, therefore the vast majority of the principal must be repaid at the maturity of the loan in aso-called \\\"balloon payment.\\\" At the maturity of these loans, assuming we do not have sufficient funds to repay the debt, we will need to refinance this debt. If, at the time of anyrefinancing, prevailing interest rates or other factors result in higher interest rates on refinancings, increases in interest expense will adversely affect our cash flow, and, consequently, our cashavailable for distribution to our stockholders. If we are unable to refinance our debt on acceptable terms, we may be forced to dispose of our hotels on disadvantageous terms, potentially resulting inlosses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. 23 If we default on our secured debt in the future, the lenders may foreclose on our hotels. All of our indebtedness for borrowed money, except our amended and restated unsecured senior credit facility, is secured by single property first mortgages on theapplicable property. Should we default on any of the loans; the lender will be able to foreclose on the property pledged to the relevant lender under that loan. Inaddition to losing the property, a foreclosure may result in recognition of taxable income. Under the Internal Revenue Code, a foreclosure would be treated as a sale of the propertyfor a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. If the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds our tax basis in the property, wewould recognize taxable income on foreclosure even though we did not receive any cash proceeds. As a result, we may be required to identify and utilize other sources of cash for distributions to ourstockholders. If this occurs, our financial condition, cash flow and ability to satisfy our other debt obligations or ability to pay distributions may be adversely affected. Future debt service obligations may adversely affect our operating results, require us to liquidate our properties, jeopardize our tax status as a REIT and limit our ability tomake distributions to our stockholders. In the future, we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional debt, including secured debt. Incurring such debt could subject us to manyrisks, including the risks that: <U+0095> ourcash flow from operations will be insufficient to make required payments of principal and interest; <U+0095> wemay be more vulnerable to adverse economic and industry conditions; <U+0095> wemay be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the repayment of our debt, thereby reducing the cash available for distribution toour stockholders, funds available for operations and capital expenditures, future investment opportunities or other purposes; <U+0095> theterms of any refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of the debt being refinanced; and <U+0095> theuse of leverage could adversely affect our stock price and the ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Ifwe violate covenants in our future indebtedness agreements, we could be required to repay all or a portion of our indebtedness before maturity at a time when we might be unable toarrange financing for such repayment on favorable terms, if at all. Ifwe obtain debt in the future and do not have sufficient funds to repay our debt at maturity, it may be necessary to refinance this debt through additional debt financing, private orpublic offerings of debt securities, or additional equity financings. If, at the time of any refinancing, prevailing interest rates or other factors result in higher interest rates on refinancings,increases in interest expense could adversely affect our cash flow, and, consequently, our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. If we are unable to refinance our debt on acceptableterms, we may be forced to dispose of our hotel properties on disadvantageous terms, potentially resulting in losses adversely affecting cash flow from operating activities. In addition, we may placemortgages on our hotel properties to secure our line of credit or other debt. To the extent we cannot meet these debt service obligations, we risk losing some or all of those properties toforeclosure. Additionally, our debt covenants could impair our planned strategies and, if violated, result in a default of our debt obligations. 24 Higherinterest rates could increase debt service requirements on our floating rate debt and could reduce the amounts available for distribution to our stockholders, as well as reducefunds available for our operations, future investment opportunities or other purposes. We may obtain in the future one or more forms of interest rate protection<U+0097>in the form of swapagreements, interest rate cap contracts or similar agreements<U+0097>to \\\"hedge\\\" against the possible negative effects of interest rate fluctuations. However, we cannot assure you that any hedgingwill adequately mitigate the adverse effects of interest rate increases or that counterparties under these agreements will honor their obligations. In addition, we may be subject to risks of defaultby hedging counter-parties. Adverse economic conditions could also cause the terms on which we borrow to be unfavorable. Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments\""
