[1] "[1] \"ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Youshould consider carefully the risk factors discussed below, as well as all other information, as an investment in the Partnership involves a high degree of risk. Any of the risks described below could impair our business, financial condition andoperating results, which could result in a partial or total loss of your investment. Our operating results will be adversely affectedif we continue to experience significant net attrition in our home heating oil and propane customer base. The followingtable depicts our gross customer gains, gross customer losses and net customer attrition from fiscal year 2009 to fiscal year 2013. Net customer attrition is the difference between gross customer losses and customers added through marketing efforts.Customers added through acquisitions are not included in the calculation of gross customer gains. However, additional customers that are obtained through marketing efforts at newly acquired businesses are included in these calculations. Customerattrition percentage calculations include customers added through acquisitions in the denominators of the calculations on a weighted average basis. Starting October 1, 2010, we have included propane customers in this calculation as several ofour acquisitions since such date have included propane operations.   Fiscal Year Ended September 30,    2013   2012   2011   2010 (a)   2009 (a)  Gross customer gains   14.8 %   13.4 %   13.2 %   11.6 %   13.5 % Gross customer losses   18.1 %   18.3 %   16.7 %   16.6 %   21.1 % Net attrition   (3.3 %)   (4.9 %)   (3.5 %)   (5.0 %)   (7.6 %)(b) (a) Prior to October 1, 2010, we measured only home heating oil net customer attrition. (b) As a result of significant decreases in the price of home heating oil following the summer of 2008, we believe that approximately 10,000 price-protected customers infiscal year 2009, chose another supplier due to being billed the termination fee for canceling their arrangement with us. The gain of a new customer does not fully compensate for the loss of an existing customer because of the expenses incurred during the first year to acquire a new customer. Customer losses are the resultof various factors, including but not limited to:  <U+0095>  price competition;  <U+0095>  customer relocations and home sales/foreclosures;  <U+0095>  conversions to natural gas; and  <U+0095>  credit worthiness. The continuing volatility in the energy markets has intensified price competition and added to our difficulty in reducing net customer attrition. If we are not able to reduce the current level of net customer attrition or if such level should increase, it will have a materialadverse effect on our business, operating results and cash available for distributions to unitholders. For additional information about customer attrition, see Item 7 <U+0093>Management<U+0092>s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition andResults of Operations <U+0096> Customer Attrition.<U+0094> Because of the highly competitive nature of our business, we may not be able toretain existing customers or acquire new customers, which would have an adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Our business is subject to substantial competition. Most of our operating locations compete with numerous distributors, primarily on the basis of price, reliability of service and responsiveness tocustomer service needs. Each operating location operates in its own competitive environment. We compete with distributorsoffering a broad range of services and prices, from full-service distributors, such as ourselves, to those offering delivery only. As do many companies in our business, we provide home heating equipment repair service on a 24-hour-a-day,seven-day-a-week, 52 weeks a year basis. We believe that this tends to build customer loyalty. In some instances homeowners have formed buying cooperatives that seek to purchase home heating oil from distributors at a price lower than individualcustomers are otherwise able to obtain. We also compete for retail customers with suppliers of alternative energy products, principally natural gas, propane (in the case of our home heating oil operations) and electricity. If we are unable tocompete effectively, we may lose existing customers and/or fail to acquire new customers, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.  11 The following table depict our customer losses to natural gas conversions from fiscal year2009 to fiscal year 2013. Conversions to natural gas are increasing and we believe this may continue as natural gas has become significantly less expensive than home heating oil on an equivalent BTU basis. In addition, the states of New York,Connecticut and Pennsylvania are seeking to encourage homeowners to expand the use of natural gas as a heating fuel through legislation and regulatory efforts.   Fiscal Year Ended September 30,    2013   2012   2011   2010   2009  Customer losses to natural gas conversion   (2.4 %)   (2.0 %)   (1.5 %)   (1.1 %)   (1.5 %) In addition to our direct customer losses to natural gas competition, any conversion to natural gas by aheating oil consumer in our geographic footprint reduces the pool of available customers from which we can gain new heating oil customers, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. If we do not make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, our future growth will be limited. Our industry is not a growth industry because new housing generally uses natural gas when it is available, and competition has alsoincreased from alternative energy sources. Accordingly, future growth will depend on our ability to make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms. We cannot assure that we will be able to identify attractive acquisition candidates in our sectorin the future or that we will be able to acquire businesses on economically acceptable terms. Factors that may adversely affect our operating and financial results may limit our access to capital and adversely affect our ability to makeacquisitions. Under the terms of our amended and restated revolving credit facility that we sometimes refer to in this Report as the revolving credit facility, we are restricted from making any individual acquisition in excess of $25.0 millionwithout the lenders<U+0092> approval. In addition, to make an acquisition, we are required to have Availability (as defined in the revolving credit facility) of at least $40.0 million, on a historical pro forma and forward-looking basis. This covenantrestriction may limit our ability to make acquisitions. Any acquisition may involve potential risks to us and ultimately to our unitholders, including:  <U+0095>  an increase in our indebtedness;  <U+0095>  an increase in our working capital requirements;  <U+0095>  an inability to integrate the operations of the acquired business;  <U+0095>  an inability to successfully expand our operations into new territories;  <U+0095>  the diversion of management<U+0092>s attention from other business concerns;  <U+0095>  an excess of customer loss or loss of key employees from the acquired business; and  <U+0095>  the assumption of additional liabilities including environmental liabilities. In addition, acquisitions may be dilutive to earnings and distributions to unitholders, and any additional debt incurred to financeacquisitions may, among other things, affect our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. High product prices can lead tocustomer conservation and attrition, resulting in reduced demand for our products. Prices for our products are subject tovolatile fluctuations in response to changes in supply and other market conditions. During periods of high product costs our prices generally increase. High prices can lead to customer conservation and attrition, resulting in reduced demand for ourproducts. A significant portion of our home heating oil volume is sold to price-protected customers (ceiling and fixed) and our grossmargins could be adversely affected if we are not able to effectively hedge against fluctuations in the volume and cost of product sold to these customers. A significant portion of our home heating oil volume is sold to individual customers under an arrangement pre-establishing the ceiling sales price or a fixed price of home heating oil over a fixed period.When the customer makes a purchase commitment for the next period we currently purchase option contracts, swaps and futures contracts for a substantial majority of the heating oil that we expect to sell to these price-protected customers. The amountof home heating oil volume that we hedge per price-protected customer is based upon the estimated fuel consumption per average customer, per month. If the actual usage exceeds the amount of the hedged volume on a monthly basis, we could be requiredto obtain additional volume at unfavorable margins. In addition, should actual usage in any month be less than the hedged volume, (including, for example, as a result of early terminations by fixed price customers) our hedging losses could begreater. Currently, we have elected not to designate our derivative instruments as hedging instruments under FASB ASC 815-10-05 Derivatives and Hedging, and the change in fair value of the derivative instruments is recognized in our statement ofoperations. Therefore, we experience volatility in earnings as these currently outstanding derivative contracts are marked to market and non-cash gains or losses are recorded in the statement of operations.  12 Our risk management policies cannot eliminate all commodity risk, basis risk, or the impact of adversemarket conditions which can adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. In addition, any noncompliance with our risk management policies could result in significantfinancial losses. While our hedging policies are designed to minimize commodity risk, some degree of exposure tounforeseen fluctuations in market conditions remains. For example, we change our hedged position daily in response to movements in our inventory. Any difference between the estimated future sales from inventory and actual sales will create amismatch between the amount of inventory and the hedges against that inventory, and thus change the commodity risk position that the Partnership is trying to maintain. Also, significant increases in the costs of the products we sell can materiallyincrease our costs to carry inventory. We use our credit facility as our primary source of financing to carry inventory and may be limited on the amounts we can borrow to carry inventory. Basis risk describes the inherent market price risk createdwhen a commodity of certain grade or location is purchased, sold or exchanged as compared to a purchase, sale or exchange of a like commodity at a different time or place. Transportation costs and timing differentials are components of basis risk.For example, we use the NYMEX to hedge our commodity risk with respect to pricing of energy products traded on the NYMEX. Physical deliveries under NYMEX contracts are made in New York Harbor. To the extent we take deliveries in other ports, such asBoston Harbor, we may have basis risk. In a backward market (when prices for future deliveries are lower than current prices), basis risk is created with respect to timing. In these instances, physical inventory generally loses value as basisdeclines over time. Basis risk cannot be entirely eliminated, and basis exposure, particularly in backward or other adverse market conditions, can adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution toour unitholders. We monitor processes and procedures to prevent unauthorized trading and to maintain substantial balancebetween purchases and sales or future delivery obligations. We can provide no assurance, however, that these steps will detect and/or prevent all violations of such risk management policies and procedures, particularly if deception or otherintentional misconduct is involved. The change in the NYMEX contract specifications from high sulfur home heating oil to ultra low sulfurdiesel has increased the risks, costs and complexities of hedging. Effective as of April 1, 2013 the NYMEX contractspecifications were changed from high sulfur home heating oil to ultra low sulfur diesel. From April 1, 2013, to September 30, 2013, high sulfur home heating oil was sold at a discount to the NYMEX ultra low sulfur diesel of between $0.065and $0.250 cents per gallon. Because of differences in the price and availability of ultra low sulfur home heating oil andhigh sulfur home heating oil, we believe that the change in the NYMEX hedge contracts has increased the complexity, costs and risks inherent in hedging the Partnership<U+0092>s physical inventory and sales to its customers, which may impact homeheating oil per gallon gross profit margins. Since weather conditions may adversely affect the demand for home heating oil, our business,operating results and financial condition is vulnerable to warm winters. Weather conditions in the Northeast andMid-Atlantic regions in which we operate have a significant impact on the demand for home heating oil because our customers depend on this product principally for space heating purposes. As a result, weather conditions may materially adverselyimpact our business, operating results and financial condition. During the peak-heating season of October through March, sales of home heating oil and propane historically have represented approximately 80% of our annual oil volume. Actual weatherconditions can vary substantially from year to year or from month to month, significantly affecting our financial performance. Warmer than normal temperatures in one or more regions in which we operate can significantly decrease the total volume wesell and the gross profit realized and, consequently, our results of operations. In fiscal years 2012 and 2002 temperatures were significantly warmer than normal for the areas in which we sell our products, which adversely affected the amount of netincome, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA that we generated during these periods. To partially mitigate the adverse effect of warmweather on cash flows, we have used weather hedge contracts for a number of years. In general, such weather hedge contracts provide that we are entitled to receive a specific payment per heating degree-day shortfall, when the total number of heatingdegree-days in the period covered is less than 92.5% of the ten year average (the <U+0093>Payment Threshold<U+0094>). The hedge generally covers the period from November 1, through March 31, of a fiscal year taken as a whole, and has a maximumpayout amount. Temperatures in fiscal year 2012, taken as a whole met the Payment Threshold, and the heating degree-day shortfall during this period resulted in our receiving the full $12.5 million payout, which was recorded as a reduction ofexpenses in the line item delivery and branch expenses in the statements of operations. Temperatures in fiscal year 2013, taken as a whole did not meet the Payment Threshold and there was no payout under the weather hedge contract. For the fiscal years 2014 and 2015, we have a weather hedge contract with Swiss Re Financial Products Corporation under which we areentitled to receive a payment of $35,000 per heating degree-day shortfall, when the total number of heating degree-days in the period covered is less than 92.5% of the ten year average, the Payment Threshold. The hedge covers the period fromNovember 1, through March 31, taken as a whole, for each respective fiscal year, and has a maximum payout of $12.5 million for each respective fiscal year. However, there can be no assurance that such weather hedge contract would fully orsubstantially offset the adverse effects of warmer weather on our business and operating results during such periods.  13 We experienced warmer than normal weather conditions in the fiscal 2012 heating season, which had anadverse effect on our fiscal 2012 results of operations and our financial condition. In fiscal year 2012 temperatures weresignificantly warmer than normal for the areas in which we sell our products, which adversely affected the amount of net income, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA that we generated during this period. For those locations where we had existing operations inboth periods, which we sometimes refer to as the <U+0093>base business<U+0094> (i.e., excluding acquisitions in the year made), temperatures (measured on a degree day basis) for fiscal 2012 were 21.4% warmer than the fiscal 2011 and 21.7% warmer thannormal, as reported by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (<U+0093>NOAA<U+0094>). Because of the adverse impactof warm weather in our market areas during the fiscal 2012 heating season even with the benefit of the weather hedge contract, our fixed charge coverage ratio for the twelve months ended March 31, 2012 was 1.14 versus the 1.15 required underour revolving credit facility for payments of distributions. As a result, in April 2012, we entered into an amendment to our revolving credit facility that permitted us to continue paying distributions to our unitholders for the period fromApril 1, 2012 through December 31, 2012, provided that our Availability (borrowing base less amounts borrowed and letters of credit Issued) was in excess of $50.0 million and provided that distributions made during such period did notexceed $0.2325 per common unit. During this period, we were not required to meet the fixed charge coverage test to pay distributions but were required to meet the fixed charge coverage test of 1.15 to repurchase units in addition to having anAvailability of $61.3 million. In order to pay distributions subsequent to December 31, 2012, we must maintain an availability of $61.3 million, 17.5% of the maximum facility size on a historical pro forma and forward looking basis, and have afixed charge coverage ratio of 1.15. Our fiscal year ended September 30, 2012, fixed charge coverage ratio was in excess of 1.15. Weparticipate in multiemployer pension plans whose costs represent a significant expense to us. We participate in a numberof trustee-managed multiemployer pension plans for employees covered under collective bargaining agreements. Several factors could cause us to make significantly higher future contributions to these plans, including unfavorable investmentperformance, insolvency of participating employers, changes in demographics and increased benefits to participants. Some of these unions have union administered pension plans that have significant unfunded liabilities, a portion of which could beassessed to us should we withdraw from these plans. However, we do not expect to withdraw from these plans. At this time, we are unable to determine whether any material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquiditywill result from our participation in these plans. We rely on the continued solvency of our derivatives, insurance and weather hedgecounterparties. If counterparties to the derivative instruments that we use to hedge the cost of home heating oil sold toprice-protected customers, physical inventory and our vehicle fuel costs were to fail, our liquidity, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted, as we would be obligated to fulfill our operational requirementof purchasing, storing and selling home heating oil and vehicle fuel, while losing the mitigating benefits of economic hedges with a failed counterparty. If one of our insurance carriers were to fail, our liquidity, results of operations andfinancial condition could be materially adversely impacted, as we would have to fund any catastrophic loss. If our weather hedge counterparty were to fail, we would lose the protection of our weather hedge contract in case of warmer than normalweather. Currently, we have outstanding derivative instruments with the following counterparties: Bank of America, N.A., Bank of Montreal, Cargill, Inc., Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Key Bank, N.A., Regions Financial Corporation,Societe Generale, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Our primary insurance carrier is American International Group and our weather hedge counterparty is Swiss Re Financial Products Corporation. Our operating results are subject to seasonal fluctuations. Our operatingresults are subject to seasonal fluctuations since the demand for home heating oil and propane is greater during the first and second fiscal quarter of our fiscal year, which is the peak heating season. The seasonal nature of our business hasresulted on average in the last five years in the sale of approximately 30% of our volume of home heating oil and propane in the first fiscal quarter and 50% of our volume in the second fiscal quarter of each fiscal year. As a result, we generallyrealize net income in our first and second fiscal quarters and net losses during our third and fourth fiscal quarters and we expect that the negative impact of seasonality on our third and fourth fiscal quarter operating results will continue. Thusany material reduction in the profitability of the first and second quarters for any reason, including warmer than normal weather, generally cannot be made up by any significant profitability improvements in the results of the third and fourthquarters.  14 Our substantial debt and other financial obligations could impair our financial condition and our abilityto fulfill our debt obligations. At September 30, 2013, we had outstanding $125.0 million (excluding discount) ofsenior notes due 2017 (the <U+0093>notes<U+0094>), no amount outstanding under our revolving credit facility which expires June 2016, $44.7 million of letters of credit issued under our revolving credit facility and availability of $164.3 million undersuch revolving credit facility. During the last three fiscal years we have utilized as much as $156.3 million of our revolving credit facility in borrowings and letters of credit. Our substantial indebtedness and other financial obligations could:  <U+0095>  impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, unit repurchases or generalpartnership purposes;  <U+0095>  have a material adverse effect on us if we fail to comply with financial and affirmative and restrictive covenants in our debt agreements and an eventof default occurs that is not cured or waived;  <U+0095>  require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow for interest payments on our indebtedness and other financial obligations, therebyreducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital and capital expenditures;  <U+0095>  limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and  <U+0095>  place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have proportionally less debt. If we are unable to meet our debt service obligations and other financial obligations, we could be forced to restructure or refinance ourindebtedness and other financial transactions, seek additional equity capital or sell our assets. We might then be unable to obtain such financing or capital or sell our assets on satisfactory terms, if at all. Increases in wholesale product costs beyond current levels may have adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Increases in wholesale product costs beyond current levels may have adverse effects on our business, financial conditionand results of operations, including the following:  <U+0095>  customer conservation or attrition due to customers converting to lower cost heating products or suppliers;  <U+0095>  reduced liquidity as a result of higher receivables, and/or inventory balances as we must fund a portion of any increase in receivables, inventory andhedging costs from our own resources, thereby tying up funds that would otherwise be available for other purposes;  <U+0095>  higher bad debt expense and credit card processing costs as a result of higher selling prices;  <U+0095>  higher interest expense as a result of increased working capital borrowing to finance higher receivables and/or inventory balances; and  <U+0095>  higher vehicle fuel costs. The volatility in wholesale energy costs may adversely affect our liquidity. Our business requires a significant amount of working capital to finance accounts receivable and inventory during the heating season.Under our revolving credit facility, we may borrow up to $250 million, which increases to $350 million during the peak winter months from December through April of each fiscal year. We are obligated to meet certain financial covenants under therevolving credit facility, including the requirement to maintain at all times either excess availability (borrowing base less amounts borrowed and letters of credit issued) of 12.5% of the revolving credit commitment then in effect or a fixed chargecoverage ratio (as defined in the revolving credit facility agreement) of not less than 1.1. If increases in wholesaleproduct costs cause our working capital requirements to exceed the amounts available under our revolving credit facility or should we fail to maintain the required availability or fixed charge coverage ratio, we would not have sufficient workingcapital to operate our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We purchase synthetic call options and forward swaps with members of our lending group to manage market risk associated with our commitments to our customers, our physical inventory and fuel we use forour vehicles. These institutions have not required an initial cash margin deposit or any mark to market maintenance margin for these derivatives. Any mark to market exposure is reserved against our borrowing base and can thus reduce the amountavailable to us under our revolving credit facility. The mark to market reserve against our borrowing base for these derivative instruments with our lending group was as high as $13.8 million, $16.1 million, and $9.4 million during fiscal years2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. We also purchase call options to hedge the price of the products to be sold to ourprice-protected customers which usually require us to pay an up front cash payment. This reduces our liquidity, as we must pay for the option before any sales are made to the customer. We also purchase synthetic call options which require us to payfor these options as they expire.  15 For certain of our supply contracts, we are required to establish the purchase price inadvance of receiving the physical product. This occurs at the end of the month and is usually 20 days prior to receipt of the product. We use futures contracts or swaps to <U+0093>short<U+0094> the purchase commitment such that the commitment floatswith the market. As a result, any upward movement in the market for home heating oil would reduce our liquidity, as we would be required to post additional cash collateral for a futures contract or our availability to borrow under our bank facilitywould be reduced in the case of a swap. At December 31, 2013, we expect to have approximately 40 million gallons of purchase commitments and physical inventory shorted with a futures contract or swap. If the wholesale price of heating oilincreased $1.00 per gallon , our near term liquidity in December would be reduced by $40 million. At September 30, 2013,we had approximately 137,000 customers, or 38% of our residential customer base, on the balanced payment plan. Volatility in wholesale prices could reduce our liquidity if we failed to recalculate the balanced payments on a timely basis or ifcustomers resist higher balanced payments. These customers could possibly owe us more in the future than we had budgeted. Generally, customer credit balances are at their low point after the end of the heating season and at their peak prior to thebeginning of the heating season. Sudden and sharp oil price increases that cannot be passed on to customers may adversely affect ouroperating results. Our industry is a <U+0093>margin-based<U+0094> business in which gross profit depends on the excess ofsales prices per gallon over supply costs per gallon. Consequently, our profitability is sensitive to changes in the wholesale product cost caused by changes in supply or other market conditions. These factors are beyond our control and thus, whenthere are sudden and sharp increases in the wholesale cost of home heating oil, we may not be able to pass on these increases to customers through increased retail sales prices. In an effort to retain existing accounts and attract new customers wemay offer discounts, which will impact the net per gallon gross margin realized. Significant declines in the wholesale price of homeheating oil may cause price-protected customers to renegotiate or terminate their arrangements which may adversely impact our gross profit and operating results. When the wholesale price of home heating oil declines significantly after a customer enters into a price protection arrangement, some customers attempt to renegotiate their arrangement in order to enterinto a lower cost pricing plan with us or terminate their arrangement and switch to a competitor. As a result of significant decreases in the price of home heating oil following the summer of 2008, many price-protected customers attempted torenegotiate their agreements with us in fiscal 2009. It is our policy to bill a termination fee when customers terminate their arrangement with us. We believe that approximately 10,000 customers chose another supplier as a result of being billed thetermination fee in fiscal 2009. Current economic conditions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Uncertainty about current economic conditions poses a risk as our customers may reduce or postpone spending in response totighter credit, negative financial news and/or declines in income or asset values, which could have a material negative effect on the demand for our equipment and services and could lead to increased conservation, as we have seen certain of ourcustomers seek lower cost providers. Any increase in existing customers or potential new customers seeking lower cost providers and/or increase in our rejection rate of potential accounts because of credit considerations could increase our overallrate of net customer attrition. In addition, we could experience an increase in bad debts from financially distressed customers, which would have a negative effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to operating and litigation risks that could adversely affect our operating results whether or not covered by insurance. Our operations are subject to all operating hazards and risks normally incidental to handling, storing, transporting andotherwise providing customers with our products, which include combustible liquids such as propane. As a result, we may be a defendant in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. We maintain insurance policies with insurers in amounts and with coverage and deductibles that we believe are reasonable. However, therecan be no assurance that this insurance will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to potential future claims for remediation costs and personal and property damage or that these levels of insurance will be available in thefuture at economical prices.  16 Our operations are subject to operational hazards and our insurance reserves may not be adequate to coveractual losses. In storing and delivering product to our customers, our operations are subject to operational hazards suchas natural disasters, adverse weather, accidents, fires, explosions, hazardous materials releases, mechanical failures and other events beyond our control. If any of these events were to occur, we could incur substantial losses because of personalinjury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, and pollution or other environmental damage resulting in curtailment or suspension of our related operations. As we self-insure workers<U+0092> compensation, automobile and general liability claims up to pre-established limits, we establish reservesbased upon expectations as to what our ultimate liability will be for claims based on our historical developmental factors. We evaluate on an annual basis the potential for changes in loss estimates with the support of qualified actuaries. As ofSeptember 30, 2013, we had approximately $51.3 million of net insurance reserves and had issued $42.5 million in letters of credit for current and future claims. The ultimate settlement of these claims could differ materially from theassumptions used to calculate the reserves, which could have a material effect on our results of operations. Our results of operations andfinancial condition may be adversely affected by governmental regulation and associated environmental and regulatory costs. Our business is subject to a wide range of federal and state laws and regulations related to environmental and other matters. Such lawsand regulations have become increasingly stringent over time. We may experience increased costs due to stricter pollution control requirements or liabilities resulting from noncompliance with operating or other regulatory permits. New regulationsmight adversely impact operations, including those relating to underground storage and transportation of the products that we sell. In addition, there are environmental risks inherently associated with home heating oil operations, such as the risksof accidental releases or spills. We have incurred and continue to incur costs to remediate soil and groundwater contamination at some of our locations. We cannot be sure that we have identified all such contamination, that we know the full extentof our obligations with respect to contamination of which we are aware, or that we will not become responsible for additional contamination not yet discovered. It is possible that material costs and liabilities will be incurred, including thoserelating to claims for damages to property and persons. In addition, our financial condition, results of operations andability to pay distributions to our unitholders may be negatively impacted by significant changes in federal and state tax law. There is increasing attention in the United States and worldwide concerning the issue of climate change and the effect of emissions ofgreenhouse gases, in particular from the combustion of fossil fuels. It is probable that any regulatory program that caps emissions or imposes a carbon tax will increase costs for us and our customers, which could lead to increased conservation orcustomers seeking lower cost alternatives. However, we cannot yet estimate the compliance costs or business impact of potential national, regional or state greenhouse gas emissions reduction legislation, regulations or initiatives, since suchprograms and proposals are in the early stages of development. Energy efficiency and new technology may reduce the demand for our productsand adversely affect our operating results. Increased conservation and technological advances, including installation ofimproved insulation and the development of more efficient furnaces and other heating devices, have adversely affected the demand for our products by retail customers. Future conservation measures or technological advances in heating, conservation,energy generation or other devices might reduce demand and adversely affect our operating results. Our operations would be adverselyaffected if service at our third-party terminals or on the common carrier pipelines used is interrupted. The products thatwe sell are transported in either barge, pipeline or in truckload quantities to third-party terminals where we have contracts to temporarily store our products. Any significant interruption in the service of these third-party terminals or on thecommon carrier pipelines used would adversely affect our ability to obtain product. The risk of global terrorism and political unrest mayadversely affect the economy and the price and availability of the products that we sell and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Terrorist attacks and political unrest may adversely impact the price and availability of the products that we sell, our results ofoperations, our ability to raise capital and our future growth. The impact that the foregoing may have on our industry in general, and on our business in particular, is not known at this time. An act of terror could result in disruptions of crudeoil supplies, markets and facilities, and the source of the products that we sell could be direct or indirect targets. Terrorist activity may also hinder our ability to transport our products if our normal means of transportation become damaged as aresult of an attack. Instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism could also affect our ability to raise capital. Terrorist activity could likely lead to increased volatility in the prices of our products.  17 The impact of hurricanes and other natural disasters could cause disruptions in supply and could alsoreduce the demand for home heating oil which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Hurricanes and other natural disasters may cause disruptions in the supply chains for home heating oil and other products that we sell. Disruptions in supply could have a material adverse effect on ourbusiness, financial condition and results of operations, causing an increase in wholesale prices and a decrease in supply. Hurricanes and other natural disasters could also cause disruptions in the power grid, which could prevent our customers fromoperating their home heating oil systems, thereby reducing our sales. For example, on October 29, 2012, storm Sandy made landfall in our service area, resulting in widespread power outages that affected a number of our customers. Deliveries ofhome heating oil and propane were less than expected for certain of our customers who were without power for several weeks subsequent to storm Sandy. Conflicts of interest have arisen and could arise in the future. Conflictsof interest have arisen and could arise in the future as a result of relationships between the general partner and its affiliates, on the one hand, and us or any of our limited partners and noteholders, on the other hand. As a result of theseconflicts the general partner may favor its own interests and those of its affiliates over the interests of the unitholders and noteholders. The nature of these conflicts is ongoing and includes the following considerations:  <U+0095>  The general partner<U+0092>s affiliates are not prohibited from engaging in other business or activities, including direct competition with us.  <U+0095>  The general partner determines the amount and timing of asset purchases and sales, capital expenditures, borrowings and reserves, each of which canimpact the amount of cash, if any, available for distribution to unitholders, and available to pay principal and interest on debt and the amount of incentive distributions payable in respect of the general partner units.  <U+0095>  The general partner controls the enforcement of obligations owed to us by the general partner.  <U+0095>  The general partner decides whether to retain separate counsel or others to perform services for us.  <U+0095>  In some instances the general partner may borrow funds in order to permit the payment of distributions to unitholders.  <U+0095>  The general partner may limit its liability and reduce its fiduciary duties, while also restricting the remedies available to unitholders for actionsthat might, without limitations, constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. Unitholders are deemed to have consented to some actions and conflicts of interest that might otherwise be deemed a breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable statelaw.  <U+0095>  The general partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties in addition to the Partnership in resolving conflicts of interest, therebylimiting its fiduciary duty to the unitholders.  <U+0095>  The general partner determines whether to issue additional units or other of our securities.  <U+0095>  The general partner determines which costs are reimbursable by us.  <U+0095>  The general partner is not restricted from causing us to pay the general partner or its affiliates for any services rendered on terms that are fair andreasonable to us or entering into additional contractual arrangements with any of these entities on our behalf.  18 Cash distributions (if any) are not guaranteed and may fluctuate with performance and reserverequirements. Distributions of available cash by us to unitholders will depend on the amount of cash generated, anddistributions may fluctuate based on our performance. The actual amount of cash that is available will depend upon numerous factors, including:  <U+0095>  profitability of operations,  <U+0095>  required principal and interest payments on debt or debt prepayments,  <U+0095>  debt covenants,  <U+0095>  margin account requirements,  <U+0095>  cost of acquisitions,  <U+0095>  issuance of debt and equity securities,  <U+0095>  fluctuations in working capital,  <U+0095>  capital expenditures,  <U+0095>  units repurchased,  <U+0095>  adjustments in reserves,  <U+0095>  prevailing economic conditions,  <U+0095>  financial, business and other factors,  <U+0095>  increased pension funding requirements,  <U+0095>  the amount of our net operating loss carry forwards (as subject to any Section 382 limitation and utilization), and  <U+0095>  the amount of cash taxes we have to pay in Federal, State and local corporate income and franchise taxes. Our operations are conducted through Petro Holdings, Inc. (a Minnesota corporation that is our indirect wholly owned subsidiary) and itssubsidiaries, all of which are corporations subject to federal and state income taxes filed on a calendar year basis. At December 31, 2012, our federal Net Operating Loss carryforwards (<U+0093>NOLs<U+0094>) were $10.6 million, subject to annuallimitations on the amount of losses that can be used of between $1.0 million and $2.2 million. Most of these factors arebeyond the control of the general partner. Our Partnership Agreement gives the general partner discretion in establishing reserves for the proper conduct of our business, including acquisitions. These reserves will also affect the amount of cashavailable for distribution. Our revolving credit facility and the indenture for our notes, both impose certain restrictionson our ability to pay distributions to unitholders. The most restrictive covenant is found in the revolving credit facility. In order to make any distributions to unitholders, we must maintain availability of 17.5% of the maximum facility size and afixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.15, which is based on Adjusted EBITDA. (See Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements<U+0097>Long-Term Debt and Bank Facility Borrowings) Unitholders have in the past and may in the future have to report income for Federal income tax purposes on their investment in us without receivingany cash distributions from us. Star Gas Partners is a master limited partnership. Currently, our main asset and source ofincome is our 100% ownership interest in Star Acquisitions, Inc. (<U+0093>Star Acquisitions<U+0094>), which is the parent company of Petro Holdings, Inc. Our unitholders do not receive any of the tax benefits normally associated with owning units in apublicly traded partnership, as any cash coming from Star Acquisitions to us will generally have been taxed first at a corporate level and then may also be taxable to our unitholders as dividends, reported via annual Forms K-1. We expect that aninvestor will be allocated taxable income (mostly dividend income from Star Acquisitions, interest income and possibly cancellation of indebtedness income) regardless of whether a cash distribution has been paid. Our unitholders are required toreport for Federal income tax purposes their allocable share of our income, gains, losses, deductions and credits, regardless of whether we make cash distributions. For example, our unitholders had $20.3 million in dividend income reported on their2012 K-1<U+0092>s related to dividends received by us that we used to repurchase units.  19 We are a holding company and have no material operations or assets. Accordingly, we are dependent ondistributions from our subsidiaries to service our debt obligations. These distributions are not guaranteed and may be restricted. In addition, the notes are non-recourse to our subsidiaries. We are a holding company for our direct and indirect subsidiaries. We have no material operations and only limited assets. Accordingly, weare dependent on cash distributions from our subsidiaries to service our debt obligations. Noteholders will not receive payments required by the notes unless our subsidiaries are able to make distributions to us after they first comply with therestrictions on distributions under the terms of their own borrowing arrangements and reserve any necessary amounts to meet their own financial obligations. Additionally, our obligations under the notes are non-recourse to our subsidiaries. Therefore, if we should fail to pay interest or principal on the notes or breach any of our other obligations under thenotes or the indenture, noteholders would not be able to obtain any such payments or obtain any other remedy from our subsidiaries, which are not liable for any of our obligations under the indenture or the notes. We are not required to accumulate cash for the purpose of meeting our future obligations to our noteholders, which may limit the cash available toservice our notes. Subject to the limitations on restricted payments that are contained in the revolving credit facilityand in the indenture governing the notes, we are not required to accumulate cash for the purpose of meeting our future obligations to our noteholders. As a result, we do not expect to accumulate significant amounts of cash and anticipate that wewill be required to refinance the notes prior to their maturity. Our ability to refinance the notes will depend upon our future results of operation and financial condition as well as developments in the capital markets. Our general partner willdetermine the future use of our cash resources and has broad discretion in determining such uses and in establishing reserves for such uses, which may include but are not limited to:  <U+0095>  complying with the terms of any of our agreements or obligations;  <U+0095>  providing for distributions of cash to our unitholders in accordance with the requirements of our Partnership Agreement;  <U+0095>  providing for future capital expenditures and other payments deemed by our general partner to be necessary or advisable, including to makeacquisitions; and  <U+0095>  repurchasing common units. Depending on the timing and amount our use of cash, this could significantly reduce the cash available to us in subsequent periods to make payments on the notes. The notes are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. The notes are structurally subordinated to all existing and future claims of creditors of our subsidiaries, including the lenders underour revolving credit facility, their trade creditors and all of their possible future creditors. This is because these creditors will have priority as to the assets of our subsidiaries over our claims as a direct or indirect equity holder in oursubsidiaries and, thereby, indirect priority over noteholder claims. As a result, upon any distribution to these creditors in a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization or similar proceeding relating to us or our property, these creditors will beentitled to be paid in full before any payment may be made with respect to the notes. Thereafter, the holders of the notes will participate with our trade creditors and all other holders of our senior indebtedness in the assets remaining, if any. Inany of these cases, we may have insufficient funds to pay all of our creditors and noteholders may therefore receive less, ratably, than creditors of our subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2013, the notes ranked structurally junior to $245.2million of indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries.  20 Restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness and other financial obligations of oursubsidiaries may reduce our operating flexibility. The indenture governing our notes and the revolving credit facilityagreement contain various covenants that limit our ability and the ability of specified subsidiaries of ours to, among other things:  <U+0095>  incur additional indebtedness;  <U+0095>  make distributions to our unitholders;  <U+0095>  purchase or redeem our outstanding equity interests or subordinated debt;  <U+0095>  make specified investments;  <U+0095>  create liens;  <U+0095>  sell assets;  <U+0095>  engage in specified transactions with affiliates;  <U+0095>  restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to make specified payments, loans, guarantees and transfers of assets or interests in assets;  <U+0095>  engage in sale-leaseback transactions;  <U+0095>  effect a merger or consolidation with or into other companies or a sale of all or substantially all of our properties or assets; and  <U+0095>  engage in other lines of business. These restrictions could limit our ability to obtain future financings, make needed capital expenditures, withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general, conduct operations orotherwise take advantage of business opportunities that may arise. The agreements also require us to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy other financial conditions. Our ability to meet those financial ratios and conditions can beaffected by events beyond their control, such as weather conditions and general economic conditions. Accordingly, we may be unable to meet those ratios and conditions. Any breach of any of these covenants or failure to meet any of these ratios or conditions could result in a default under the terms of the relevant indebtedness or other financial obligations, which couldcause such indebtedness or other financial obligations, and by reason of cross-default provisions, the notes, to become immediately due and payable. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders could initiate a bankruptcy proceeding orliquidation proceeding or proceed against the collateral, if any. If the lenders of our indebtedness or other financial obligations accelerate the repayment of borrowings or other amounts owed, we may not have sufficient assets to repay ourindebtedness or other financial obligations, including the notes. We may be unable to repurchase the notes upon a change of control and itmay be difficult to determine if a change of control has occurred. Upon the occurrence of <U+0093>change of control<U+0094> asdefined in the indenture for the notes, we or a third party will be required to make a change of control offer to repurchase the notes at 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The terms of our indebtedness limit ourability to repurchase the notes in those circumstances. Any of our future debt agreements may contain similar restrictions and provisions. Accordingly, we may be unable to satisfy our obligations to purchase the notes unless we are able to refinanceor obtain waivers under our indebtedness. We may not have the financial resources to purchase the notes, particularly if a change of control event triggers a similar repurchase requirement for, or results in the acceleration of, other indebtedness.Our failure to make or consummate a change of control repurchase offer or pay the change of control purchase price when due will give the trustee and the holders of the notes certain default rights as set forth in the indenture. Our obligations under the revolving credit facility (as of September 30, 2013, no amount was outstanding under the revolving creditfacility, $44.7 million of letters of credit were issued and we had availability of $164.3 million) are subject to change of control provisions at least as restrictive as the change of control provisions under the notes. Accordingly, any event whichwould be a <U+0093>change of control<U+0094> under the senior notes would also be a <U+0093>change of control<U+0094> under such other indebtedness. We are not restricted from entering into a transaction that would trigger the change of control provisions.If these change of control provisions are triggered, some of the outstanding debt may become due. It is possible that we would not have sufficient funds at the time of any change of control to make the required debt payments or that restrictions inother debt instruments would not permit those payments. In some instances, lenders would have the right to foreclose on our assets if debt payments were not made upon a change of control.  21 A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating agencies may increaseour future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital. Our debt currently has a non-investment grade rating, and anyrating assigned could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in that rating agency<U+0092>s judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating, such as adverse changes, so warrant. Consequently, real or anticipatedchanges in our credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the notes. Credit ratings are not recommendations to purchase, hold or sell the notes. Additionally, credit ratings may not reflect the potential effect of risks relating to thestructure or marketing of the notes. Any downgrade by either Standard & Poor<U+0092>s or Moody<U+0092>s Investors Service would increase the interest rate on our revolving credit facility, decrease earnings and may result in higher borrowingcosts. Any future lowering of our ratings likely would make it more difficult or more expensive for us to obtain additionaldebt financing. If any credit rating initially assigned to the notes is subsequently lowered or withdrawn for any reason, noteholders may not be able to resell their notes without a substantial discount. ITEM 1B.\""
