[1] "[1] \"Item 1A.  Risk Factors You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. The risks described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. Risks related to our business Our business will be harmed if overall consumer demand continues to suffer from a severe or sustained downturn. Our business is heavily dependent on consumer demand and preferences. A downturn in overall levels of consumer spending may materially and adversely affect our revenues. Retail vehicle sales are cyclical and historically have experienced periodic downturns characterized by oversupply and weak demand. These cycles are often dependent on general economic conditions and consumer confidence, as well as the level of discretionary personal income and credit availability. Economic conditions may be anemic for an extended period of time, or deteriorate in the future. This would have a material adverse effect on our retail business, particularly sales of new and used automobiles. Our business may be adversely affected by unfavorable conditions in our local markets, even if those conditions are not prominent nationally. Our performance is subject to local economic, competitive and other conditions prevailing in our various geographic areas. Our dealerships are currently located in limited markets in 11 states, with sales in the top three states accounting for approximately 55% of our revenue in 2012. Our results of operations, therefore, depend substantially on general economic conditions and consumer spending levels in those markets and could be materially adversely affected to the extent these markets experience sustained economic downturns regardless of improvements in the U.S. economy overall. Increasing competition among automotive retailers reduces our profit margins on vehicle sales and related businesses. Further, the use of the Internet in the car purchasing process could materially adversely affect us. Automobile retailing is a highly competitive business. Our competitors include publicly and privately-owned dealerships, of which certain competitors are larger and have greater financial and marketing resources than we have. Many of our competitors sell the same or similar makes of new and used vehicles that we offer in our markets at competitive prices. We do not have any cost advantage in purchasing new vehicles from manufacturers due to economies of scale or otherwise.  11  Our finance and insurance business and other related businesses, which have higher margins than sales of new and used vehicles, are subject to strong competition from various financial institutions and other third parties. The Internet has become a significant part of the sales process in our industry. Customers are using the Internet to compare pricing for vehicles and related finance and insurance services, which may further reduce margins for new and used vehicles and profits for related finance and insurance services. If Internet new vehicle sales are allowed to be conducted without the involvement of franchised dealers, our business could be materially adversely affected. In addition, other franchise groups have aligned themselves with services offered on the Internet or are investing heavily in the development of their own Internet capabilities, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our Franchise Agreements do not grant us the exclusive right to sell a manufacturer’s product within a given geographic area. Our revenues or profitability could be materially adversely affected if any of our manufacturers award franchises to others in the same markets where we operate or if existing franchised dealers increase their market share in our markets. In addition, we may face increasingly significant competition as we strive to gain market share through acquisitions or otherwise. Our operating margins may decline over time as we expand into markets where we do not have a leading position. Increasing fuel prices change consumer demand. Significant increases in fuel prices can be expected to reduce vehicle sales. Historically, in times of rapid increase in crude oil and fuel prices, sales of vehicles have dropped, particularly in the short term, as the economy slows, consumer confidence wanes and fuel costs become more prominent to the consumer’s buying decision. In sustained periods of higher fuel costs, consumers who do purchase vehicles tend to prefer smaller, more fuel efficient vehicles (which typically have lower margins) or hybrid vehicles (which can be in limited supply during these periods).  Additionally, a significant portion of our new vehicle revenue and gross profit is derived from domestic manufacturers. These manufacturers have historically sold a higher percentage of trucks and SUVs than import or luxury brands. They may, therefore, experience a more significant decline in sales in the event that fuel prices increase. A decline of available financing in the lending market has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our vehicle sales volume. A significant portion of vehicle buyers finance their purchases of automobiles. Sub-prime lenders have historically provided financing for consumers who, for a variety of reasons, including poor credit histories and lack of down payment, do not have access to more traditional finance sources. Lenders have generally tightened their credit standards. If lenders maintain or further tighten their credit standards or there is a further decline in the availability of credit in the lending market, the ability of these consumers to purchase vehicles could be limited, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  12  Adverse conditions affecting one or more key manufacturers may negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We depend on our manufacturers to provide a supply of vehicles which supports expected sales levels. If manufacturers are unable to supply the needed level of vehicles, our financial performance may be adversely impacted. We are subject to a concentration of risk in the event of financial distress, including potential reorganization or bankruptcy, of a major vehicle manufacturer. We purchase substantially all of our new vehicles from various manufacturers or distributors at the prevailing prices available to all franchised dealers. Our sales volume could be materially adversely impacted by the manufacturers’ or distributors’ inability to supply our stores with an adequate supply of vehicles. In the event of a manufacturer or distributor bankruptcy, we could be held liable for damages related to product liability claims, intellectual property suits or other legal actions. These legal actions are typically directed towards the vehicle manufacturer and it is customary to indemnify us from exposure related to any judgments associated with the claims. However, in the event that damages could not be collected from the manufacturer or distributor, we could be named in lawsuits and judgments could be levied against us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully address the risks described above or those of the current economic circumstances and sales environment. Our success depends in large part upon the overall demand for the particular lines of vehicles that each of our stores sell and the ability of the manufacturers to continue to deliver high quality, defect-free vehicles. Demand for our primary manufacturers’ vehicles, as well as the financial condition, management, marketing, production and distribution capabilities of these manufacturers, can significantly affect our business. Events that adversely affect a manufacturer’s ability to timely deliver new vehicles may adversely affect us by reducing our supply of popular new vehicles and leading to lower sales in our stores during those periods than would otherwise occur. We depend on our manufacturers to deliver high-quality, defect-free vehicles. If manufacturers experience future quality issues, our financial performance may be adversely impacted. In addition, the discontinuance of a particular brand could negatively impact our revenues and profitability. Many new competitors are entering the automotive industry. New companies have raised capital to produce fully electric vehicles or to license battery technology to existing manufacturers. Foreign manufacturers from China and India are producing significant volumes of new vehicles and are entering the U.S. and selecting partners to distribute their products. Because the automotive market in the U.S. is mature and the overall level of new vehicle sales may not increase in the coming years, the success of new competitors will likely be at the expense of other, established brands. This could have a material adverse impact on our success in the future. Vehicle manufacturers would be adversely impacted by economic downturns or recessions, adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, significant declines in the sales of their new vehicles, increases in interest rates, declines in their credit ratings, labor strikes or similar disruptions (including within their major suppliers), supply shortages or rising raw material costs, rising employee benefit costs, adverse publicity that may reduce consumer demand for their products, product defects, vehicle recall campaigns, litigation, poor product mix or unappealing vehicle design, or other adverse events. These and other risks could materially adversely affect any manufacturer and limit its ability to profitably design, market, produce or distribute new vehicles, which, in turn, could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  13  Additionally, federal and certain state laws mandate minimum levels of vehicle fuel economy and establish emission standards. These levels and standards could be increased in the future, including the required use of renewable energy sources. Such laws often increase the costs of new vehicles, which would be expected to reduce demand. Further, changes in these laws could result in fewer vehicles available for sale by manufacturers unwilling or unable to comply with the higher standards. If manufacturers or distributors discontinue or change sales incentives, warranties and other promotional programs, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. We depend upon the manufacturers and distributors for sales incentives, warranties and other programs that are intended to promote new vehicle sales or support dealership profitability. Manufacturers and distributors routinely make changes to their incentive programs. Key incentive programs include: <U+25CF> <U+25CF> customer rebates; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> dealer incentives on new vehicles; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> special rates on certified, pre-owned cars; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> below-market financing on new vehicles and special leasing terms; and <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> sponsorship of used vehicle sales by authorized new vehicle dealers.  Our financial condition could be materially adversely impacted by a discontinuation or change in our manufacturers’ or distributors’ incentive programs. In addition, certain manufacturers, including BMW and Mercedes, use a dealership’s manufacturer-determined customer satisfaction index, or “CSI”, score as a factor governing participation in incentive programs. To the extent we cannot meet minimum score requirements, we may be precluded from receiving certain incentives, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The ability of our stores to make new vehicle sales depends in large part upon the manufacturers and, therefore, any disruption or change in our relationships with manufacturers may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We depend on the manufacturers to provide us with a desirable mix of new vehicles. The most popular vehicles usually produce the highest profit margins and are frequently in short supply. If we cannot obtain sufficient quantities of the most popular models, our profitability may be adversely affected. Sales of less desirable models may reduce our profit margins. Each of our stores operates pursuant to a Franchise Agreement with each of the respective manufacturers for which it serves as franchisee. Manufacturers exert significant control over our stores through the terms and conditions of their franchise agreements. Such agreements contain provisions for termination or non-renewal for a variety of causes, including CSI scores and sales and financial performance. From time to time, certain of our stores have failed to comply with certain provisions of their franchise agreements, and we cannot assure you that our stores will be able to comply with these provisions in the future. In addition, actions taken by a manufacturer to exploit its bargaining position in negotiating the terms of renewals of franchise agreements or otherwise could also have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. If a manufacturer terminates or fails to renew one or more of our significant franchise agreements or a large number of our franchise agreements, such action could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  14  Our Franchise Agreements also specify that, except in certain situations, we cannot operate a franchise by another manufacturer in the same building as the manufacturer’s franchised store. This may require us to build new facilities at a significant cost. Moreover, our manufacturers generally require that the store meet defined image standards. These commitments could require us to make significant capital expenditures. Manufacturer stock ownership restrictions may impair our ability to maintain or renew franchise agreements or issue additional equity. Certain of our Franchise Agreements prohibit transfers of ownership interests of a store or, in selected cases, its parent. The most prohibitive restriction which could be imposed by various manufacturers, including Honda/Acura, Hyundai, Mazda and Nissan, provides that, under certain circumstances, we may lose a franchise if a person or entity acquires an ownership interest in us above a specified level (ranging from 20% to 50% depending on the particular manufacturer’s restrictions and falling as low as 5% if another vehicle manufacturer is the entity acquiring the ownership interest) without the approval of the applicable manufacturer. Other restrictions in certain Franchise Agreements with manufacturers, including Ford, GM, Honda/Acura and Toyota, provide that a change in control in the Company without prior consent is a violation of our franchise or dealer framework agreement. Transactions in our stock by our stockholders or prospective stockholders are generally outside of our control and may result in the termination or non-renewal of one or more of our franchises or impair our ability to negotiate new franchise agreements for dealerships we desire to acquire in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. These restrictions may also prevent or deter a prospective acquirer from acquiring control of us or otherwise adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock or limit our ability to restructure our debt obligations. If state dealer laws are repealed or weakened, our dealerships will be more susceptible to termination, non-renewal or renegotiation of their franchise agreements. Additionally, federal bankruptcy law can override protections afforded under state dealer laws. State dealer laws generally provide that a manufacturer may not terminate or refuse to renew a franchise agreement unless it has first provided the dealer with written notice setting forth good cause and stating the grounds for termination or non-renewal. Certain state dealer laws allow dealers to file protests or petitions or attempt to comply with the manufacturer’s criteria within the notice period to avoid the termination or non-renewal. If dealer laws are repealed in the states in which we operate, manufacturers may be able to terminate our franchises without providing advance notice, an opportunity to cure or a showing of good cause. Without the protection of state dealer laws, it may also be more difficult for our dealers to renew their franchise agreements upon expiration. In addition, these laws restrict the ability of automobile manufacturers to directly enter the retail market in the future. If manufacturers obtain the ability to directly retail vehicles and do so in our markets, such competition could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. As evidenced by the bankruptcy proceedings of both Chrysler and GM in 2009, state dealer laws do not afford continued protection from manufacturer terminations or non-renewal of franchise agreements. No assurances can be given that a manufacturer will not seek protection under bankruptcy laws, or that, in this event, they will not seek to terminate franchise rights held by us.  15   Import product restrictions and foreign trade risks may impair our ability to sell foreign vehicles profitably. A significant portion of the vehicles we sell, as well as certain major components of such vehicles, are manufactured outside the United States. Accordingly, we are affected by import and export restrictions of various jurisdictions and are dependent, to a certain extent, on general socio-economic conditions in, and political relations with, a number of foreign countries. Additionally, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may increase the price and adversely affect our sales of vehicles produced by foreign manufacturers. Imports into the United States may also be adversely affected by increased transportation costs and tariffs, quotas or duties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Environmental, health or safety regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows or cause us to incur significant expenditures. We are subject to various federal, state and local environmental, health and safety regulations which govern items such as the generation, storage, handling, use, treatment, recycling, transportation, disposal and remediation of hazardous material and the emission and discharge of hazardous material into the environment. Under certain environmental regulations or pursuant to signed private contracts, we could be held responsible for all of the costs relating to any contamination at our present, or our previously owned, facilities, and at third party waste disposal sites. We are aware of minor contamination at certain of our facilities, and we are in the process of conducting investigations and/or remediation at certain properties. The current level of contamination is such that we do not expect to incur significant costs for the remediation. In certain cases, the current or prior property owner is conducting the investigation and/or remediation or we have been indemnified by either the current or prior property owner for such contamination. There can be no assurance that these owners will remediate, or continue to remediate, these properties or pay, or continue to pay, pursuant to these indemnities. We are also required to obtain permits from governmental authorities for certain operations. If we violate or fail to fully comply with these regulations or permits, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. Environmental, health and safety regulations are becoming increasingly stringent. There can be no assurance that the cost of compliance with these regulations will not result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Further, no assurances can be given that additional environmental, health or safety matters will not arise or new conditions or facts will not develop in the future at our currently or formerly owned or operated facilities, or at sites that we may acquire in the future, which will require us to incur significant expenditures.  With the breadth of our operations and volume of consumer and financing transactions, compliance with the many applicable federal and state laws and regulations cannot be assured. New regulations are enacted on an ongoing basis. These regulations may impact our profitability and require continuous training and vigilance. Fines, judgments and administrative sanctions can be severe. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations in each of the 11 states in which we have stores. New laws and regulations are enacted on an ongoing basis. With the number of stores we operate, the number of personnel we employ and the large volume of transactions we handle, it is likely that technical mistakes will be made. It is also likely that these regulations may impact our profitability and require ongoing training. Current practices in stores may become prohibited. We are responsible for ensuring that continued compliance with laws is maintained. If there are unauthorized activities of serious magnitude, the state and federal authorities have the power to impose civil penalties and sanctions, suspend or withdraw dealer licenses or take other actions. These actions could materially impair our activities or our ability to acquire new stores in those states where violations occurred. Further, private causes of action on behalf of individuals or a class of individuals could result in significant damages or injunctive relief.  16  Compliance with the variety of federal, state and local advertising related regulations cannot be assured. These regulations, which impact various forms of advertising including print, media, text and Internet, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Advertising in our business is subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations. These laws and regulations address unfair, deceptive and/or fraudulent trade practices. Claims arising out of actual or alleged violations of law may be asserted against us or any of our dealers by individuals, either individually or through class actions, or by governmental entities in civil or criminal investigations and proceedings. Such actions may expose us to substantial monetary damages and legal defense costs, injunctive relief and criminal and civil fines and penalties. Governmental regulations related to fuel economy standards and greenhouse gases may have an adverse impact on the ability of vehicle manufacturers to cost-effectively produce vehicles or design vehicles desired by customers. These regulations may also impact our ability to sell these vehicles at affordable prices. Federal regulations around fuel economy standards and “greenhouse gas” emissions have continued to increase. New requirements may adversely affect any manufacturer’s ability to profitably design, market, produce and distribute vehicles that comply with such regulations. We could be adversely impacted in our ability to market and sell these vehicles at affordable prices and in our ability to finance these inventories. These regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Failure of our information technology systems to perform adequately or data protection breaches and cyber attacks could disrupt our operations or result in the loss or misuse of customers’ proprietary information. These disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial results and reputation. Our information technology systems are important to operating our business efficiently. We employ systems and websites that allow for the secure storage and transmission of customers’ proprietary information. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, litigation and potential liability. Our information technology systems may be vulnerable to data protection breaches and cyber attacks beyond our control and we may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber attacks. We invest in security technology to protect our data and business processes against these risks. We also purchase insurance to mitigate the potential financial impact of these risks. Despite these precautions, we cannot assure that a breach will not occur and any breach or successful attack could have a negative impact on our operations or business reputation. Our ability to increase revenues through acquisitions depends on our ability to acquire and successfully integrate additional stores. General The U.S. automobile industry is considered a mature industry in which minimal growth is expected in unit sales of new vehicles. Accordingly, a principal component of our growth in sales is to make acquisitions in our existing markets and in new geographic markets. To complete the acquisition of additional stores, we need to successfully address each of the following challenges.  17  Limitations on our capital resources The acquisition of additional stores will require substantial capital investment. Limitations on our capital resources would restrict our ability to complete new acquisitions. We have financed our past acquisitions from a combination of the cash flow from our operations, borrowings under our credit arrangements, issuances of our common stock and proceeds from private debt offerings. The use of any of these financing sources could have the effect of reducing our earnings per share. We may not be able to obtain financing in the future due to the market price of our Class A common stock and overall market conditions. Furthermore, using cash to complete acquisitions could substantially limit our operating or financial flexibility.  Substantially all of the assets of our dealerships are pledged to secure the indebtedness under our credit facility and our other floor plan financing indebtedness. These pledges may limit our ability to borrow from other sources in order to fund our acquisitions. Manufacturers We are required to obtain consent from the applicable manufacturer prior to the acquisition of a franchised store. In determining whether to approve an acquisition, a manufacturer considers many factors, including our financial condition, ownership structure, the number of stores currently owned and our performance with those stores. Obtaining manufacturer approval of acquisitions also takes a significant amount of time, typically 60 to 90 days. We cannot assure you that manufacturers will approve future acquisitions timely, if at all, which could significantly impair the execution of our acquisition strategy. Most major manufacturers have now established limitations or guidelines on the: <U+25CF> <U+25CF> number of such manufacturers’ stores that may be acquired by a single owner; <U+25CF> number of stores that may be acquired in any market or region; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> percentage of market share that may be controlled by one automotive retailer group; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> ownership of stores in contiguous markets; <U+25CF> performance requirements for existing stores; and <U+25CF> frequency of acquisitions. In addition, such manufacturers generally require that no other manufacturers’ brands be sold from the same store location, and many manufacturers have site control agreements in place that limit our ability to change the use of the facility without their approval. A manufacturer also considers our past performance as measured by the Minimum Sales Responsibility (“MSR”) scores, CSI scores and Sales Satisfaction Index (“SSI”) scores at our existing stores. At any point in time, certain stores may have scores below the manufacturers’ sales zone averages or have achieved sales below the targets manufacturers have set. Our failure to maintain satisfactory scores and to achieve market share performance goals could restrict our ability to complete future store acquisitions. A manufacturer also considers our past performance as measured by the Minimum Sales Responsibility (“MSR”) scores, CSI scores and Sales Satisfaction Index (“SSI”) scores at our existing stores. At any point in time, certain stores may have scores below the manufacturers’ sales zone averages or have achieved sales below the targets manufacturers have set. Our failure to maintain satisfactory scores and to achieve market share performance goals could restrict our ability to complete future store acquisitions. Acquisition risks We will face risks commonly encountered with growth through acquisitions. These risks include, without limitation: <U+25CF> <U+25CF> failing to assimilate the operations and personnel of acquired dealerships; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> failing to achieve predicted sales levels; <U+25CF> incurring significantly higher capital expenditures and operating expenses; <U+25CF> entering new markets with which we are unfamiliar; <U+25CF> encountering undiscovered liabilities and operational difficulties at acquired dealerships;  18  <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> disrupting our ongoing business; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> diverting our management resources; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> failing to maintain uniform standards, controls and policies; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> impairing relationships with employees, manufacturers and customers as a result of changes in management; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> incurring increased expenses for accounting and computer systems, as well as integration difficulties; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> failing to obtain a manufacturer’s consent to the acquisition of one or more of its dealership franchises or renew the franchise agreement on terms acceptable to us; and <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> incorrectly valuing entities to be acquired. In addition, we may not adequately anticipate all of the demands that growth will impose on our systems, procedures and structures. Consummation and competition We may not be able to consummate any future acquisitions at acceptable prices and terms or identify suitable candidates. In addition, increased competition in the future for acquisition candidates could result in fewer acquisition opportunities for us and higher acquisition prices. The magnitude, timing, pricing and nature of future acquisitions will depend upon various factors, including: <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> the availability of suitable acquisition candidates; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> competition with other dealer groups for suitable acquisitions; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> the negotiation of acceptable terms with the seller and with the manufacturer; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> our financial capabilities and ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> our stock price; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> our ability to maintain required financial covenant levels after the acquisition; and <U+25CF> <U+25CF> the availability of skilled employees to manage the acquired businesses. Financial condition The operating and financial condition of acquired businesses cannot be determined accurately until we assume control. Although we conduct what we believe to be a prudent level of investigation regarding the operating and financial condition of the businesses we purchase, in light of the circumstances of each transaction, an unavoidable level of risk remains regarding the actual operating condition of these businesses. Similarly, many of the dealerships we acquire do not have financial statements audited or prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We may not have an accurate understanding of the historical financial condition and performance of our acquired businesses. Until we actually assume control of the business assets and their operations, we may not be able to ascertain the actual value or understand the potential liabilities of the acquired businesses and their earnings potential. Indefinite-lived intangible assets, which consist of goodwill and franchise value, comprise a meaningful portion of our total assets ($94.5 million at December 31, 2012). We must assess our indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, which may result in a non-cash write-down of franchise rights or goodwill and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and impair our ability to comply with loan covenants. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are subject to impairment assessments at least annually (or more frequently when events or circumstances indicate that an impairment may have occurred) by applying a fair-value based test. Our principal intangible assets are goodwill and our rights under our Franchise Agreements with vehicle manufacturers. The risk of impairment charges associated with goodwill increases if there are declines in our market capitalization, profitability or cash flows. The risk of impairment charges associated with franchise value increases if operating losses are suffered at those stores, if a manufacturer files for bankruptcy or if the stores are closed. Impairment charges result in non-cash write-downs of the affected franchise values or goodwill. Furthermore, impairment charges could have an adverse impact on our ability to satisfy the financial ratios or other covenants under our debt agreements and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  19  A net deferred tax asset position comprises a meaningful portion of our total assets (approximately $21.0 million at December 31, 2012). We are required to assess the recoverability of this asset on an ongoing basis. Future negative operating performance or other unfavorable developments may result in a valuation allowance being recorded against part or all of this amount. This could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and impair our ability to comply with loan covenants. Deferred tax assets are evaluated periodically to determine if they are expected to be recoverable in the future. This evaluation considers positive and negative evidence in order to assess whether it is more likely than not that a portion of the asset will not be realized. The risk of a valuation allowance increases if continuing operating losses are incurred. A valuation allowance on our deferred tax asset could have an adverse impact on our ability to satisfy financial ratios or other covenants under our debt agreements and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our indebtedness and lease obligations could materially adversely affect our financial health, limit our ability to finance future acquisitions and capital expenditures and prevent us from fulfilling our financial obligations. Much of our debt has a variable interest rate component that may significantly increase our interest costs in a rising rate environment. Our indebtedness and lease obligations could have important consequences to us, including the following: <U+25CF> <U+25CF> limitations on our ability to make acquisitions; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> impaired ability to obtain additional financing for acquisitions, capital expenditures, working capital or general corporate purposes; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> reduced funds available for our operations and other purposes, as a portion of our current cash flow from operations would be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness; and <U+25CF> <U+25CF> <U+25CF> exposure to the risk of increasing interest rates as certain borrowings are, and will continue to be, at variable rates of interest. In addition, our loan agreements contain covenants that limit our discretion with respect to business matters, including incurring additional debt, acquisition activity or disposing of assets. Other covenants are financial in nature, including current ratio, fixed charge coverage and leverage ratio. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the applicable agreement. In addition, a default under one agreement could result in a default and acceleration of our repayment obligations under the other agreements under the cross-default provisions in such other agreements. Certain debt agreements contain subjective acceleration clauses based on a lender deeming itself insecure or if a “material adverse change” in our business has occurred. If these clauses are implicated, and the lender declares that an event of default has occurred, the outstanding indebtedness would likely be immediately due and owing. If these events were to occur, we may not be able to pay our debts or borrow sufficient funds to refinance them. Even if new financing were available, it may not be on terms acceptable to us. As a result of this risk, we could be forced to take actions that we otherwise would not take, or not take actions that we otherwise might take, in order to comply with these agreements.  20  Additionally, our real estate debt generally has a five-year term, after which the debt needs to be renewed or replaced.  A decline in the appraised value of real estate or a reduction in the loan-to-value lending ratios for new or renewed real estate loans could result in our inability to renew maturing real estate loans at the debt level existing at maturity, or on terms acceptable to us, requiring us to find replacement lenders or to refinance at lower loan amounts. As of December 31, 2012, including the effect of interest rate swaps, approximately 74% of our total debt was variable rate. The majority of our variable rate debt is indexed to the one-month LIBOR rate. The current interest rate environment is at historically low levels, and interest rates will likely increase in the future. In the event interest rates increase, our borrowing costs may increase substantially. Additionally, fixed rate debt that matures may be renewed at interest rates significantly higher than current levels. As a result, this could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We have a significant relationship with a third-party warranty insurer and administrator. This third-party is the obligor of service warranty policies sold to our customers. Additionally, we have agreements in place that allow for future income based on the claims experience on policies sold to our customers. If the insurer should be unable to honor our customers’ policies or has a decline in their financial health, such events could negatively impact our business and reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We sell service warranty policies to our customers issued by a third-party obligor. We receive additional fee income if actual claims are less than the amounts reserved for anticipated claims and the costs of administration and administrator profit. A decline in the financial health of the third-party insurer could jeopardize the claims reserves held by the administrator, and prevent us from collecting the experience payments anticipated to be earned in future years. While the amount we receive varies annually, the loss of this income could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further, the inability of the insurer to honor service warranty claims would likely result in reputational risk to us and might result in claims to cover any default by the insurer. The loss of key personnel or the failure to attract additional qualified management personnel could adversely affect our operations and growth. Our success depends to a significant degree on the efforts and abilities of our senior management, particularly Bryan B. DeBoer, our Director, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Christopher S. Holzshu, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Further, we have identified Sidney B. DeBoer, our Executive Chairman of the Board, and/or Bryan B. DeBoer in most of our store franchise agreements as the individuals who control the franchises and upon whose financial resources and management expertise the manufacturers may rely when awarding or approving the transfer of any franchise. If we lose these key personnel, our business may suffer. In addition, as we expand, we may need to hire additional managers. The market for qualified employees in the industry and in the regions in which we operate, particularly for general managers and sales and service personnel, is highly competitive and may subject us to increased labor costs during periods of low unemployment. The loss of the services of key employees or the inability to attract additional qualified managers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, the lack of qualified management or employees employed by potential acquisition candidates may limit our ability to consummate future acquisitions.  21  The sole voting control of our company is currently held by Sidney B. DeBoer, who may have interests different from our other shareholders. Further, 2.8 million shares of our Class B common stock held by Lithia Holding Company, LLC (“Lithia Holding”) are pledged, with other assets, to secure personal indebtedness of Mr. DeBoer. The failure to repay the indebtedness could result in the sale of such shares and the loss of such control, which may violate agreements with certain manufacturers. Sidney B. DeBoer, our Founder and Executive Chairman, is the sole managing member of Lithia Holdings, which holds all of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock. A holder of Class B common stock is entitled to ten votes for each share held, while a holder of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share held. On most matters, the Class A and Class B common stock vote together as a single class. As of February 22, 2013, Lithia Holding controlled, and Mr. DeBoer had the authority to vote, approximately 55% of the aggregate number of votes eligible to be cast by shareholders for the election of directors and most other shareholder actions. In addition, Mr. DeBoer may prevent a change in control of our Company and make certain transactions more difficult or impossible. The interest of Mr. DeBoer may not always coincide with our interests as a Company or the interest of other shareholders. Accordingly, Mr. DeBoer could cause us to enter into transactions or agreement that other shareholders would not approve of or make decisions with which other shareholders may disagree. Lithia Holding has pledged 2.8 million shares of our Class B common stock, together with other personal assets of Mr. DeBoer, to secure a personal loan to Mr. DeBoer from U.S. Bank National Association. If he is unable to repay the loan, the bank could foreclose on the Class B common stock, which would result in the automatic conversion of such shares to Class A common stock and a change in control of our Company. If this change is not consented to by the manufacturers, we would have a technical violation under most of the dealer sales and service agreements held by us. In addition, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline materially if the bank foreclosed on such pledged stock and subsequently sold such stock in the open market.  Risks related to investing in our Class A common stock Future sales of our Class A common stock in the public market could adversely impact the market price of our Class A common stock. As of February 22, 2013, we had 2,183,114 shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance under our equity plans (including our employee stock purchase plan). As of February 22, 2013, a total of 583,463 shares related to outstanding restricted stock, restricted stock units and options (with the options having a weighted average exercise price of $6.27 per share and options to purchase 250,499 shares being exercisable). In addition, we had 2,762,261 shares of Class B common stock outstanding convertible into 2,762,261 shares of Class A common stock. In the future, we may issue additional shares of our Class A common stock to raise capital or effect acquisitions. We cannot predict the size of future sales or issuance or the effect, if any, they may have on the market price of our Class A common stock. The sale of substantial amounts of Class A common stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities, or to sell equity at a price acceptable to us.  22  Volatility in the market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock could adversely impact the value of the shares of our Class A common stock. The stock market in recent years has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies like ours. These broad market factors may materially reduce the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless of our operating performance. The market price of our Class A common stock, which has experienced large price and volume fluctuations over the last five years, could continue to fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including in response to the risks described herein or for reasons unrelated to our operations, such as: <U+25CF> reports by industry analysts; <U+25CF> changes in financial estimates by securities analysts or us, or our inability to meet or exceed securities analysts’,  investors’ or our own estimates or expectations; <U+25CF> actual or anticipated sales of common stock by existing shareholders; <U+25CF> capital commitments; <U+25CF> <U+25CF> additions or departures of key personnel; <U+25CF> developments in our business or in our industry; <U+25CF> a prolonged downturn in our industry; <U+25CF> general market conditions, such as interest or foreign exchange rates, commodity and equity prices, availability of credit, asset valuations and volatility; <U+25CF> changes in global financial and economic markets; <U+25CF> armed conflict, war or terrorism; <U+25CF> regulatory changes affecting our industry generally or our business and operations in particular; <U+25CF> changes in market valuations of other companies in our industry; <U+25CF> the operating and securities price performance of companies that investors consider to be comparable to us; and <U+25CF> announcements of strategic developments, acquisitions and other material events by us, our competitors or our suppliers. Oregon law and our Restated Articles of Incorporation may impede or discourage a takeover, which could impair the market price of our Class A common stock. We are an Oregon corporation, and certain provisions of Oregon law and our Restated Articles of Incorporation may have anti-takeover effects. These provisions could delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider to be in his or her best interest. These provisions may also affect attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by shareholders, and may make removal of the incumbent management and directors more difficult, which, under certain circumstances, could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. Our issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect holders of Class A common stock. Our Board of Directors is authorized to issue a series of preferred stock without any action on the part of our holders of Class A common stock. Our Board of Directors also has the power, without shareholder approval, to set the terms of any such series of preferred stock that may be issued, including voting powers, preferences over our Class A common stock with respect to dividends or if we voluntarily or involuntarily dissolve or distribute our assets, and other terms. If we issue preferred stock in the future that has preference over our Class A common stock with respect to the payment of dividends or upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or if we issue preferred stock with voting rights that dilute the voting power of our Class A common stock, the rights of holders of our Class A common stock or the price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. Our business is seasonal, and events occurring during seasons in which revenues are typically higher may disproportionately affect our results of operations and financial condition. Historically, our sales have been lower during the first and fourth quarters of each year due to consumer purchasing patterns during the holiday season, inclement weather in certain of our markets and the reduced number of business days during the holiday season. If conditions occur during the second or third quarters that weaken automotive sales, such as severe weather in the geographic areas in which our dealerships operate, war, high fuel costs, depressed economic conditions including unemployment or weakened consumer confidence or similar adverse conditions, our revenues for the year may be disproportionately adversely affected. Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments\""
