[1] "[1] \"Item 1A. Risk    Factors. Investment    Risks There    is currently no public market for shares of our common stock.    Therefore, it will be difficult for our stockholders to sell    their shares and, if our stockholders are able to sell their    shares, our stockholders will likely sell them at a substantial    discount. As of    March 26, 2009, we have acquired 43 geographically diverse    properties and other real estate related assets and have    identified a limited number of additional properties to acquire    with the net proceeds we will receive from the future equity    raise, and stockholders are therefore unable to evaluate the    economic merits of most of our future investments prior to    purchasing shares of our common stock. If we    are unable to find suitable investments, we may not be able to    achieve our investment objectives. We    face competition for the acquisition of medical office buildings    and other healthcare related facilities, which may impede our    ability to make future acquisitions or may increase the cost of    these acquisitions. Our    stockholders may be unable to sell their shares because their    ability to have their shares repurchased pursuant to our share    repurchase plan is subject to significant restrictions and    limitations. We are    conducting a <U+0093>best efforts<U+0094> offering and if we are    unable to continue to raise proceeds in this offering, we will    be limited in the number and type of investments we may make,    which will result in a less diversified portfolio. Our    offering is a fixed price offering and the fixed offering price    may not accurately represent the current value of our assets at    any particular time. Therefore, the purchase price our    stockholders paid for Payments    to our advisor related to its subordinated participation    interest in our operating partnership will reduce cash available    for distribution to stockholders. We    presently intend to effect a liquidity event by    September 20, 2013; however, there can be no assurance that    we will effect a liquidity event by such time or at all. If we    do not effect a liquidity event, it will be very difficult for    our stockholders to have liquidity for their investment in    shares of our common stock. and/or Our    property investments are geographically concentrated in certain    states and subject to economic fluctuations in those    states. Risks    Related to Our Business We    have limited operating history and we cannot assure you that we    will be able to successfully achieve our investment objectives;    and the prior performance of other Grubb & Ellis Group    programs may not be an accurate predictor of our future    results. Current    dislocations in the credit markets and real estate markets could    have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,    financial condition and ability to pay distributions to our    stockholders. and/or We may    suffer from delays in locating suitable investments, which could    reduce our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and    reduce their return on their investment. The    availability and timing of cash distributions to our    stockholders is uncertain. We may    not have sufficient cash available from operations to pay    distributions, and, therefore, distributions may include a    return of capital. We may    not have sufficient cash available from operations to pay    distributions, and, therefore, distributions may be paid with    offering proceeds or borrowed funds. on-site We are    uncertain of our sources of debt or equity for funding our    future capital needs. If we cannot obtain funding on acceptable    terms, our ability to make necessary capital improvements to our    properties may be impaired or delayed. We may    structure acquisitions of property in exchange for limited    partnership units in our operating partnership on terms that    could limit our liquidity or our flexibility. Until    the termination or expiration of our Advisory Agreement, our    success is dependent in part on the performance of our advisor,    which is a subsidiary of our sponsor. and/or After    the termination or expiration of our Advisory Agreement and upon    the completion of our transition to a self-management program,    we will not be able to rely on our advisor to manage our    operations, which could adversely impact our ability to achieve    our investment objectives and pay distributions to our    stockholders. As we    transition to self-management, our success is increasingly    dependent on the performance of our board of directors and our    Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and    President. Form 10-K We are    transitioning to be a self-managed company and we may not be    successful in hiring additional employees and/or third party    service providers, which could impact our ability to achieve our    investment objectives. Our    success may be hampered by the current slow down in the real    estate industry. Our    results of operations, our ability to pay distributions to our    stockholders and our ability to dispose of our investments are    subject to international, national and local economic factors we    cannot control or predict. short-term The    failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could reduce    the amount of cash we have available to pay distributions and    make additional investments. federally-insured Our    advisor and its affiliates have no obligation to defer or    forgive fees or loans or advance any funds to us, which could    reduce our ability to make investments or pay    distributions. Risks    Related to Conflicts of Interest We    will compete with our sponsor<U+0092>s other programs for    investment opportunities. As a result, our advisor may not cause    us to invest in favorable investment opportunities, which may    reduce our returns on our investments. Our    sponsor has recently sponsored a REIT focused on acquiring    medical office buildings and other healthcare related    facilities; such REIT<U+0092>s offering could negatively impact    our current offering as well as any future offerings we may    conduct; we share the same dealer manager and several of the    same officers with such REIT, which may create conflicts of    interest; in addition, we may compete with such REIT with    respect to acquiring additional properties. The    conflicts of interest faced by our officers may cause us not to    be managed solely in the best interests of our stockholders,    which may adversely affect our results of operations and the    value of their investment. If we    enter into joint ventures with affiliates, we may face conflicts    of interest or disagreements with our joint venture partners    that will not be resolved as quickly or on terms as advantageous    to us as would be the case if the joint venture had been    negotiated at arm<U+0092>s length with an independent joint    venture partner. Our    advisor will face conflicts of interest relating to its    compensation structure, which could result in actions that are    not necessarily in the long-term best interests of our    stockholders. The    distribution payable to our advisor may influence our decisions    about listing our shares of our common stock on a national    securities exchange, merging our company with another company    and acquisition or disposition of our investments. We    have and may continue to acquire assets from, or dispose of    assets to, affiliates of our advisor, which could result in us    entering into transactions on less favorable terms than we would    receive from a third party or that negatively affect the    public<U+0092>s perception of us. and/or Except    for the current modification to our Advisory Agreement, the fees    we pay our advisor under the Advisory Agreement and the    distributions payable to our advisor under our operating    partnership agreement were not determined on an    arm<U+0092>s-length basis and therefore may not be on the same    terms as those we could negotiate with an unrelated    party. Risks    Associated with Our Organizational Structure We may    issue preferred stock or other classes of common stock, which    issuance could adversely affect the holders of our common stock    issued pursuant to our offering. Our    stockholders<U+0092> ability to control our operations is severely    limited. The    limit on the percentage of shares of our common stock that any    person may own may discourage a takeover or business combination    that may have benefited our stockholders. Our    board of directors may change our investment objectives without    seeking stockholder approval. Maryland    law and our organizational documents limit our    stockholders<U+0092> rights to bring claims against our officers    and directors. Certain    provisions of Maryland law could restrict a change in control    even if a change in control were in our stockholders<U+0092>    interests. Our    stockholders<U+0092> investment return may be reduced if we are    required to register as an investment company under the    Investment Company Act. You    may not receive any profits resulting from the sale of one of    our properties, or receive such profits in a timely manner,    because we may provide financing to the purchaser of such    property. Dilution    and our Operating Partnership Several    potential events could cause our stockholders<U+0092> investment    in us to be diluted, which may reduce the overall value of their    investment. Our    stockholders<U+0092> interests may be diluted in various ways,    which may reduce their returns. Risks    Related to Investments in Real Estate Changes    in national, regional or local economic, demographic or real    estate market conditions may adversely affect our results of    operations and our ability to pay distributions to our    stockholders or reduce the value of their    investment. Some    or all of our properties may incur vacancies, which may result    in reduced revenue and resale value, a reduction in cash    available for distribution and a diminished return on    investment. We are    dependent on tenants for our revenue, and lease terminations    could reduce our distributions to our    stockholders. If we    acquired real estate at a time when the real estate market was    experiencing substantial influxes of capital investment and    competition for income producing properties, the real estate    investments we have made may not appreciate or may decrease in    value. Competition    with third parties in acquiring properties and other investments    may reduce our profitability and our stockholders may experience    a lower return on their investment. Long-term    leases may not result in fair market lease rates over time;    therefore, our income and our distributions to our stockholders    could be lower than if we did not enter into long-term    leases. We may    incur additional costs in acquiring or re-leasing properties    which could adversely affect the cash available for distribution    to our stockholders. We may    be unable to secure funds for future tenant or other capital    improvements, which could limit our ability to attract or    replace tenants and decrease stockholders<U+0092> return on    investment. Uninsured    losses relating to real estate and lender requirements to obtain    insurance may reduce stockholders<U+0092> returns. If one    of our insurance carriers does not remain solvent, we may not be    able to fully recover on our claims. We may    be unable to obtain desirable types of insurance coverage at a    reasonable cost, if at all, and we may be unable to comply with    insurance requirements contained in mortgage or other agreements    due to high insurance costs. and/or Increases    in our insurance rates could adversely affect our cash flow and    our ability to make future cash distributions to our    stockholders. We may    obtain only limited warranties when we purchase a property and    would have only limited recourse in the event our due diligence    did not identify any issues that lower the value of our    property. Terrorist    attacks and other acts of violence or war may affect the markets    in which we operate and have a material adverse effect on our    financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay    distributions to our stockholders. Delays    in the acquisition, development and construction of real    properties may have adverse effects on our results of operations    and returns to our stockholders. lease-up Uncertain    market conditions relating to the future disposition of    properties could cause us to sell our properties at a loss in    the future. We    face possible liability for environmental cleanup costs and    damages for contamination related to properties we acquire,    which could substantially increase our costs and reduce our    liquidity and cash distributions to our    stockholders. Our    real estate investments may be concentrated in medical office or    other healthcare related facilities, making us more vulnerable    economically than if our investments were    diversified. Certain    of our properties may not have efficient alternative uses, so    the loss of a tenant may cause us not to be able to find a    replacement or cause us to spend considerable capital to adapt    the property to an alternative use. Our    medical office buildings, healthcare related facilities and    tenants may be unable to compete successfully. Our    costs associated with complying with the Americans with    Disabilities Act may reduce our cash available for    distributions. Our    real properties are subject to property taxes that may increase    in the future, which could adversely affect our cash    flow. Costs    of complying with governmental laws and regulations related to    environmental protection and human health and safety may be    high. Risks    Related to the Healthcare Industry Reductions    in reimbursement from third party payors, including Medicare and    Medicaid, could adversely affect the profitability of our    tenants and hinder their ability to make rent payments to    us. The    healthcare industry is heavily regulated, and new laws or    regulations, changes to existing laws or regulations, loss of    licensure or failure to obtain licensure could result in the    inability of our tenants to make rent payments to    us. Some    tenants of our medical office buildings and healthcare related    facilities are subject to fraud and abuse laws, the violation of    which by a tenant may jeopardize the tenant<U+0092>s ability to    make rent payments to us. and/or and/or Adverse    trends in healthcare provider operations may negatively affect    our lease revenues and our ability to make distributions to our    stockholders. Our    healthcare related tenants may be subject to significant legal    actions that could subject them to increased operating costs and    substantial uninsured liabilities, which may affect their    ability to pay their rent payments to us. and/or We may    experience adverse effects as a result of potential financial    and operational challenges faced by the operators of our senior    healthcare facilities. lease-ups The    unique nature of our senior healthcare properties may make it    difficult to lease or transfer such properties and, as a result,    may negatively affect our performance. Risks    Related to Investments in Other Real Estate Related    Assets We do    not have substantial experience in acquiring mortgage loans or    investing in other real estate related assets, which may result    in our other real estate related assets failing to produce    returns or incurring losses. Real    estate related equity securities in which we may invest are    subject to specific risks relating to the particular issuer of    the securities and may be subject to the general risks of    investing in subordinated real estate securities. The    mortgage loans in which we may invest may be impacted by    unfavorable real estate market conditions, which could decrease    their value. Delays    in liquidating defaulted mortgage loan investments could reduce    our investment returns. The    mezzanine loans in which we may invest would involve greater    risks of loss than senior loans secured by income-producing real    properties. We    expect a portion of our investments in other real estate related    assets to be illiquid and we may not be able to adjust our    portfolio in response to changes in economic and other    conditions. Interest    rate and related risks may cause the value of our investments in    other real estate related assets to be reduced. If we    liquidate prior to the maturity of our investments in other real    estate assets, we may be forced to sell those investments on    unfavorable terms or at a loss. Risks    Related to Debt Financing We    have and intend to incur mortgage indebtedness and other    borrowings, which may increase our business risks, could hinder    our ability to make distributions and could decrease the value    of our stockholders<U+0092> investments. Higher    mortgage rates may make it more difficult for us to finance or    refinance properties, which could reduce the number of    properties we can acquire and the amount of cash distributions    we can make to our stockholders. Increases    in interest rates could increase the amount of our debt payments    and therefore negatively impact our operating    results. To the    extent we borrow at fixed rates or enter into fixed interest    rate swaps we will not benefit from reduced interest expense if    interest rates decrease. Lenders    may require us to enter into restrictive covenants relating to    our operations, which could limit our ability to make    distributions to our stockholders. In    connection with our transition to self-management, we may be    required to provide notice or obtain the consent of certain of    our lenders, and our failure to obtain any required consents    could result in a default under our loan    documents. and/or Hedging    activity may expose us to risks. Interest-only    indebtedness may increase our risk of default and ultimately may    reduce our funds available for distribution to    stockholders. If we    enter into financing arrangements involving balloon payment    obligations, it may adversely affect our ability to refinance or    sell properties on favorable terms, and to make distributions to    our stockholders. Risks    Associated with Joint Ventures The    terms of joint venture agreements or other joint ownership    arrangements into which we have entered and may enter could    impair our operating flexibility and our results of    operations. We may    structure our joint venture relationships in a manner which may    limit the amount we participate in the cash flow or appreciation    of an investment. co-venturer Federal    Income Tax Risks Failure    to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes would    subject us to federal income tax on our taxable income at    regular corporate rates, which would substantially reduce our    ability to make distributions to our stockholders. To    qualify as a REIT and to avoid the payment of federal income and    excise taxes and maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to    borrow funds, use proceeds from the issuance of securities    (including our offering), or sell assets to pay distributions,    which may result in our distributing amounts that may otherwise    be used for our operations. If our    operating partnership fails to maintain its status as a    partnership for federal income tax purposes, its income would be    subject to taxation and our REIT status would be    terminated. Our    stockholders may have a current tax liability on distributions    they elect to reinvest in shares of our common    stock. Dividends    paid by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates that    apply to other corporate dividends. In    certain circumstances, we may be subject to federal and state    income taxes as a REIT, which would reduce our cash available    for distribution to our stockholders. Distributions    to tax-exempt stockholders may be classified as unrelated    business taxable income. look-through Complying    with the REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise    attractive opportunities. Changes    to federal income tax laws or regulations could adversely affect    stockholders. Employee    Benefit Plan, IRA and Other Tax-Exempt Investor Risks If our    stockholders fail to meet the fiduciary and other standards    under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, or    ERISA, or the Internal Revenue Code as a result of an investment    in shares of our common stock, such stockholder could be subject    to criminal and civil penalties. Item 1B.\""
