[1] "[1] \"ITEM1A. RISK FACTORS Aninvestment in our securities is highly speculative and involves a high degree ofrisk. Therefore, in evaluating us and our business you should carefully considerthe risks set forth below, which are only a few of the risks associated withinvesting in our common stock. You should be in a position to risk the loss ofyour entire investment. RISKSRELATING TO OUR BUSINESS Weare a development stage company. We currently have no product revenues and willneed to raise additional capital to operate our business. We are adevelopment stage company that has experienced significant losses sinceinception and has a significant accumulated deficit. We expect to incuradditional operating losses in the future and expect our cumulative losses toincrease. To date, we have generated no product revenues. As of December 31,2007, we have expended approximately $17.3 million on a consolidated basisacquiring and developing our current product candidates. Until such time as wereceive approval from the FDA and other regulatory authorities for our productcandidates, we will not be permitted to sell our drugs and will not have productrevenues. Therefore, for the foreseeable future we will have to fund all of ouroperations and capital expenditures from equity and debt offerings, cash onhand, licensing fees, and grants. We will need to seek additional sources offinancing and such additional financing may not be available on favorable terms,if at all. If we do not succeed in raising additional funds on acceptable terms,we may be unable to complete planned pre-clinical and clinical trials or obtainapproval of our product candidates from the FDA and other regulatoryauthorities. In addition, we could be forced to discontinue product development,reduce or forego sales and marketing efforts, and forego attractive businessopportunities. Any additional sources of financing will likely involve theissuance of our equity or debt securities, which will have a dilutive effect onour stockholders. Weare not currently profitable and may never become profitable. We have ahistory of losses and expect to incur substantial losses and negative operatingcash flow for the foreseeable future. Even if we succeed in developing andcommercializing one or more of our product candidates, we expect to incursubstantial losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable.We also expect to continue to incur significant operating and capitalexpenditures and anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially in theforeseeable future as we do the following: ·  continueto undertake pre-clinical development and clinical trials for our productcandidates; ·  seekregulatory approvals for our product candidates; ·  implementadditional internal systems and infrastructure; ·  leaseadditional or alternative office facilities; and ·  hireadditional personnel, including members of our management team. We alsoexpect to experience negative cash flow for the foreseeable future as we fundour technology development with capital expenditures. As a result, we will needto generate significant revenues in order to achieve and maintain profitability.We may not be able to generate these revenues or achieve profitability in thefuture. Our failure to achieve or maintain profitability could negatively impactthe value of our common stock and underlying securities. Wehave a limited operating history on which investors can base an investmentdecision. We are adevelopment-stage company and have not demonstrated our ability to perform thefunctions necessary for the successful commercialization of any of our productcandidates. The successful commercialization of our product candidates willrequire us to perform a variety of functions, including: ·  continuingto undertake pre-clinical development and clinical trials; ·  participatingin regulatory approval processes; ·  formulatingand manufacturing products; and ·  conductingsales and marketing activities. Ouroperations have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, acquiring,developing, and securing our proprietary technology, and undertakingpre-clinical trials and Phase I/II, and Phase II and Phase III clinical trialsof our principal product candidates. These operations provide a limited basisfor you to assess our ability to commercialize our product candidates and theadvisability of investing in our securities. OurNDA for oral TTM has not been accepted for filing and/or we may not obtain thenecessary U.S. or worldwide regulatory approvals to commercialize oral TTM orone of our product(s). OnNovember 28, 2007, we filed a New Drug Application (NDA) with the Food and DrugAdministration (FDA) seeking approval to market oral TTM (oraltetrathiomolybdate) for initially presenting neurologic Wilson's disease. OnJanuary 28, 2008 representing sixty (60) days from the date of NDA filing wereceived notification from the FDA that our NDA has not been accepted forfurther review and the FDA issued a refusal to file letter (\\\"RTF\\\"). In the RTFletter the FDA cited various deficiencies in the NDA filing, including, theformatting and presentation of the data, preliminary assessments concerning theadequacy and quality of the clinical evidence to support the safety and efficacyof oral TTM, the necessity to conduct a Segment III preclinical reproductivetoxicology study as well as chemistry, manufacturing and controls issuesregarding the identity, strength and purity of oral TTM. Given the receipt ofthe RTF letter, we will face substantial delays in our ability to prepare andre-file a new NDA, if at all, and potential approval to market oralTTM. OnFebruary 26, 2008, we completed a Type A meeting with the FDA to discuss thedeficiencies raised in the RTF letter. Based on this meeting with the FDA, Pipexbelieves it reached an understanding with the FDA on a course of action toresolve all of the filing issues raised in the RTF letter. Nevertheless, the FDAraised concerns regarding the adequacy of the evidence of clinical efficacy,safety, study quality, data collection and overall risk/benefit profile of oralTTM for neurologic Wilson's disease as represented by the two completed clinicaltrials of oral TTM for neurologic Wilson's disease that formed the basis of theNDA. Even if Pipex is successful in preparing and filing a revised NDA, Pipexcannot provide any assurances that a newly filed NDA will be accepted for filingor that upon review of the NDA by the FDA, Pipex will be successful inovercoming such FDA concerns and that oral TTM for initially presentingneurologic Wilson's disease will be approved by the FDA. The clinical trials fororal TTM which formed the basis of the NDA filing were conducted over a periodof 18 years from 1998 to 2005 prior to entering into our license agreement fororal TTM and were conducted under an investigator initiated IND by ourscientific advisor and consultant, Dr. George Brewer under grant support fromvarious non-profit foundations and governmental agencies including the FDA’sOrphan Products Group. In the event that we are able to prepare, file and obtainFDA acceptance of a new NDA filing for oral TTM, we cannot provide anyassurances that after the FDA reviews our new submission, that the new NDAsubmission will overcome the FDA's concerns raised in the RTF letter sufficientfor approval of oral TTM or that the FDA will not upon further review raiseadditional concerns regarding manufacturing, clinical, or nonclinical which mayimpact the potential approvability of oral TTM for the treatment of neurologicWilson’s disease. In orderto enhance a resubmitted NDA filing for oral TTM for the treatment of neurologicWilson’s disease, at the February 26, 2008 Type A meeting Pipex discussed withthe FDA Pipex’s plans to schedule a Type B meeting with the FDA to discuss theutility of providing the FDA with additional efficacy data from an ongoingdouble-blind, comparator, dose optimization clinical trial of oral TTM for thetreatment of neurologic Wilson’s disease. To date, this third study has enrolledand completed dosing in approximately 40 neurologically presenting Wilson’sdisease patients. At the Type B meeting to be scheduled, Pipex intends topresent potential, available pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic data (such asand including oral TTM's effects on lowering serum free copper levels inpatients) from this third clinical trial as well as a summarization of the datafrom the previously completed clinical trials with oral TTM for neurologicWilson’s disease. The feedback from this Type B meeting with the FDA willdetermine the timing of any potential NDA resubmission for oral TTM for thisindication and may result in Pipex discontinuing the NDA refiling process fororal TTM as well as potentially our planned MAA filing in Europe. Additionally,depending on the analysis of additional data, the FDA may request a separatepharmacokinetic study or additional clinical studies. On March17, 2008, Dr. George Brewer informed us that pursuant to a teleconferencebetween Dr. Brewer and the FDA of the same date, Dr. Brewer's physiciansponsored investigational new drug application (IND) for oral tetrathiomolybdatefor Wilson's disease had been placed on clinical hold pending the potentialresolution, if any, of  items described in the RTF. The IND that isthe subject of the clinical hold includes an active dose optimization comparatorprotocol of oral tetrathiomolybdate that to date has enrolled and treatedapproximately 40 neurologically presenting Wilson's disease patients the datafrom which we intend to collect, analyze and present to the FDA at a Type Bmeeting to be requested to discuss a potential revised New Drug Applicationsubmission. We cannot provide any assurance that Dr. Brewer will be successfulin lifting the clinical hold imposed by the FDA, that we will be successful inpreparing and filing a revised NDA, that any such newly filed NDA will beaccepted for filing or that upon review of any such NDA by the FDA, we will besuccessful in overcoming the concerns raised by the FDA and that oraltetrathiomolybdate for initially presenting neurologic Wilson's disease will beapproved by the FDA. Based upon receipt of a written clinical hold lettercommunicated to Dr. Brewer from the FDA and forwarded to us on March 26, 2008,the FDA detailed its issues and concerns that are required to beaddressed in order to lift the clinical hold, including chemistry, manufacturingand control (CMC) issues concerning the identity, strength and purity of oralTTM. We presently intend to assist Dr. Brewer in resolving the CMC issues raisedby the FDA and do not presently intend to initiate patient dosing in our Italianclinical trial of oral TTM for Alzheimer's disease until such issues areresolved to the satisfaction of the FDA. We cannot provide any assurance that wewill be successful in overcoming such CMC issues to the satisfaction of the FDA.The written clinical hold letter also provided feedback not related to theclinical hold per se including the reference that the clinical endpoints, designand conduct of the dose comparator clinical study that has enrolled 40 patientsto date will most likely not be sufficient for a NDA of oral TTM for neurologicWilson's disease. Based onthis communication, Pipex plans to have a Type B meeting with the FDA to discussnext steps for oral TTM development in neurologic Wilson's disease. Giventhe issues raised by the FDA in its RTF letter of January 28, 2008 as well asthe FDA's written clinical hold letter to Dr. George Brewer forwarded to us onMarch 26, 2008, at the present time it appears that the FDA will not deem thethree existing clinical trials of oral TTM to be sufficient for a New DrugApplication of oral TTM for initially presenting neurologic Wilson's disease.Given the limited number of patients afflicted by this disease, an additionalclinical trial of oral TTM for this indication will necessarily take asubstantial amount of time and resources to plan, enroll and complete. Thedesign of such further study is also uncertain given that existing drugsapproved for Wilson's disease appear to be contraindicated for initiallypresenting neurologic Wilson's disease or too slow acting for this criticallyill patient population. Should we elect to abandon our efforts to seek U.S.and/or European approval of oral TTM for neurologically presenting Wilson'sdisease we will most likely not have sufficient resources to pursue all of theadditional indications for oral TTM that are the subject of our research anddevelopment, including, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, Alzheimer's disease,primary biliary cirrhosis and Huntington's disease. We may elect to abandon ourefforts to develop oral TTM for any or all of these indications, including,Wilson's disease. On March17, 2008, Dr. George Brewer informed us that pursuant to a teleconferencebetween Dr. Brewer and the FDA of the same date, Dr. Brewer's physiciansponsored investigational new drug application (IND) for oral tetrathiomolybdatefor Wilson's disease had been placed on clinical hold pending the potentialresolution, if any, of  items described in the RTF. The IND that isthe subject of the clinical hold includes an active dose optimization comparatorprotocol of oral tetrathiomolybdate that to date has enrolled and treatedapproximately 40 neurologically presenting Wilson's disease patients the datafrom which we intend to collect, analyze and present to the FDA at a Type Bmeeting to be requested to discuss a potential revised New Drug Applicationsubmission. We cannot provide any assurance that Dr. Brewer will be successfulin lifting the clinical hold imposed by the FDA, that we will be successful inpreparing and filing a revised NDA, that any such newly filed NDA will beaccepted for filing or that upon review of any such NDA by the FDA, we will besuccessful in overcoming the concerns raised by the FDA and that oraltetrathiomolybdate for initially presenting neurologic Wilson's disease will beapproved by the FDA. Based upon receipt of a written clinical hold lettercommunicated to Dr. Brewer from the FDA and forwarded to us on March 26, 2008,the FDA Based onthis communication, Pipex plans to have a Type B meeting with the FDA to discussnext steps for oral TTM development in neurologic Wilson's disease. We willneed FDA approval to commercialize our product candidates in the U.S. andapprovals from equivalent regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions tocommercialize our product candidates in those jurisdictions. In order to obtainFDA approval for any of our product candidates, we  must submit to theFDA an NDA, demonstrating that the product candidate is safe for humans andeffective for its intended use and that the product  candidate can beconsistently manufactured and is stable. This demonstration requires significantresearch and animal tests, which are referred to as “pre-clinical studies,”human tests, which are referred to as “clinical trials” as well as the abilityto manufacture the product candidate, referred to as  “chemistrymanufacturing control” or “CMC.” We will also need to file additionalinvestigative new drug applications and protocols in order to initiate clinicaltesting of our drug candidates in new therapeutic indications and delays inobtaining required FDA and institutional review board approvalsto  commence such studies may delay our initiation of such plannedadditional studies. Satisfyingthe FDA’s regulatory requirements typically takes many years, depending on thetype, complexity, and novelty of the product candidate, and requires substantialresources for research development, and testing. We cannot predict whether ourresearch and clinical approaches will result in drugs that the FDA considerssafe for humans and effective for indicated uses. The FDA has substantialdiscretion in the drug approval process and may require us to conduct additionalpre-clinical and clinical testing or to perform post-marketing studies. Theapproval process may also be delayed by changes in government regulation, futurelegislation or administrative action, or changes in FDA policy that occur priorto or during our regulatory review. Delays in obtaining regulatory approvals maydo the following: ·  delaycommercialization of, and our ability to derive product revenues from, ourproduct candidates; ·  imposecostly procedures on us; and ·  diminishany competitive advantages that we may otherwise enjoy. Even ifwe comply with all FDA requests, the FDA may ultimately reject one or more ofour NDAs. We cannot be sure that we will ever obtain regulatory clearance forour product candidates. Failure to obtain FDA approval of any of our productcandidates will severely undermine our business by reducing our number ofsalable products and, therefore, corresponding product revenues. Inforeign jurisdictions, we must receive approval from the appropriate regulatoryauthorities before we can commercialize our drugs. Foreign regulatory approvalprocesses generally include all of the risks associated with the FDA approvalprocedures described above. We cannot assure you that we will receive theapprovals necessary to commercialize our product candidate for sale outside theUnited States. Wemay not be able to retain rights licensed to us by others to commercialize keyproducts and may not be able to establish or maintain the relationships we needto develop, manufacture, and market our products. Inaddition to our own patent applications, we also currently rely on an exclusiveworldwide license agreement with the University of Michigan relating to varioususes of oral TTM. We also have an exclusive license agreement with the McLeanHospital relating to the use of EFFIRMATMto  treat fibromyalgia syndrome; an exclusive license agreement withThomas Jefferson University relating to our anti-CD4 inhibitors; anexclusive  license agreement with the Regents of the University ofCalifornia relating to our TRIMESTATMtechnology; an exclusive license agreement with the  Children’sHospital-Boston relating to our CORRECTATMtechnology and an exclusive license agreement to license our T-cell vaccineprogram from  the University of Southern California (USC). Each ofthese agreements requires us to use our best efforts to commercialize each ofthe technologies as well as meet certain diligence requirements and timelines inorder to keep the license agreement in effect. In the event we are not able tomeet our diligence requirements, we may not be able to retain the rights grantedunder our agreements or renegotiate our arrangement with these institutions onreasonable terms, or at all. TM TM TM Furthermore,we currently have very limited product development capabilities, and limitedmarketing or sales capabilities. For us to research, develop, and test ourproduct candidates, we would need to contract with outside researchers, in mostcases those parties that did the original research and from whom we havelicensed the technologies. We cangive no assurances that any of our issued patents licensed to us or any of ourother patent applications will provide us with significant proprietaryprotection or be of commercial benefit to us. Furthermore, the issuance of apatent is not conclusive as to its validity or enforceability, nor does theissuance of a patent provide the patent holder with freedom to operate withoutinfringing the patent rights of others. Developmentsby competitors may render our products or technologies obsolete ornon-competitive. Companiesthat currently sell or are developing both generic and proprietarypharmaceutical compounds to treat central-nervous-system,inflammatory,  autoimmune and fibrotic diseases include: Pfizer, Inc.,Aton Pharma, GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals, Shire Pharmaceuticals, Plc., Merck& Co., Eli  Lilly & Co., Serono, SA, Biogen Idec, Inc.,Achillion, Ltd., Active Biotech, Inc., Panteri Biosciences, Meda, MerrimackPharmaceuticals, Inc.,  Schering AG, Forest Laboratories, Inc.,Attenuon, LLC, Cypress Biosciences, Inc., Novartis, Axcan Pharma, Inc., TevaPharmaceuticals, Inc., Intermune, Inc.  Fibrogen, Inc., Rare DiseaseTherapeutics, Inc., Prana Biotechnology, Inc., Merz & Co., AstraZenecaPharmaceuticals, Inc., Chiesi Pharmaceuticals,  Inc., Targacept, Inc.,and Johnson & Johnson, Inc. Alternative technologies or alternative deliveryor dosages of already approved therapies are being  developed to treatautoimmune inflammatory, Fibromyalgia, MS, fibrotic, Alzheimer’s and Wilson’sdiseases, several of which may be approved or are in earlyand  advanced clinical trials, such as pirfenidone, milnacipram,Lyrica, Cymbalta, Effexor, Actimmune and other interferon preparations. Unlikeus, many of our competitors have significant financial and human resources. Inaddition, academic research centers may develop technologies that compete withour CORRECTATM,TRIMESTATM, zincmonocysteine, anti-CD4 inhibitors, EFFIRMATMand oral TTM technologies. We are aware that other companies are developingcompetitive anti-copper therapies that are in various stages of clinical trialsor have been approved by regulatory authorities. For example, trientine,d­-pennicillamine and zinc based therapies, all FDA approved anti-copperagents have been or are being tested in various treatment regiments for thetreatment of Wilson’s disease. Should clinicians or regulatory authorities viewthese therapeutic regiments as or more effective than oral TTM in the treatmentof neurologic Wilson’s disease, this might delay or prevent us from obtainingregulatory approval for oral TTM, or it might prevent us from obtainingfavorable reimbursement rates from payers, such as Medicare, Medicaid andprivate insurers. TM TM TM Wemay not succeed in enforcing our orphan drug designations. Oral TTMhas been designated by the FDA as an “orphan drug” for the treatment of Wilson’sdisease patients presenting with neurologic complications. CORRECTATM hasalso been designated by the FDA as an “orphan drug” for the treatment ofpouchitis patients. We intend to file for “orphan drug” designations in the EMEA(the European equivalent of the FDA) for both oral TTM and CORRECTATM forsimilar uses. Pursuant to our agreements with our scientific inventors anduniversities, we have acquired these designations. Orphan drug designation is animportant element of our competitive strategy because there are no compositionof matter patents for oral TTM a designated orphan drug for a rare diseasegenerally receives marketing exclusivity for use of that drug for the designatedcondition for a period of seven years in the United States and ten years in theEuropean Union. TM TM To besuccessful in enforcing this designation, our new drug application would need tobe the first NDA approved to use oral TTM to treat Wilson’s disease. While weare not aware of any other companies that have sought orphan drug designationfor oral TTM or its active ingredient, tetrathiomolybdate, for this indication,other companies may in the future seek it and may obtain FDA marketing approvalbefore we do. In addition, the FDA may permit other companies to market a formof tetrathiomolybdate to treat Wilson’s disease patients with neurologiccomplication if their product demonstrates clinical superiority. This couldcreate a more competitive market for us. Competitorscould develop and gain FDA approval of our products for a differentindication. Acompetitor could develop our products in a similar format, but for a differentindication. For example, other companies could manufacture and develop oral TTMand its active ingredient, tetrathiomolybdate, and secure approvals fordifferent indications. We are aware that a potential competitor has an exclusivelicense from the University of Michigan (UM) to an issued U.S. patent thatrelates to the use of tetrathiomolybdate to treat angiogenic  diseases(the “Angiogenic Patent”) and is currently in phase I and phase II clinicaltrials for the treatment of various forms of cancer. To our knowledge, thiscompetitor and UM have filed additional patent applications claiming variousanalog structures and formulations of tetrathiomolybdate to treat variousdiseases. Further, we cannot predict whether our competitor might obtainapproval in the U.S. or Europe to market tetrathiomolybdate for cancer oranother indication ahead of us. We also cannot predict whether, if issued, anypatent corresponding to the Angiogenic Patent may prevent us from conducting ourbusiness or result in lengthy and costly litigation or the need for a license.Furthermore, if we need to obtain a license to these or other patents in orderto conduct our business, we may find that it is not available to us oncommercially reasonable  terms, or is not available to us atall. If theFDA approves other tetrathiomolybdate products to treat indications other thanthose covered by our issued or pending patent applications, physicians may electto prescribe a competitor’s tetrathiomolybdate to treat Wilson’s disease—this iscommonly referred to as “off-label” use. While under FDA regulations acompetitor is not allowed to promote off-label uses of its product, the FDA doesnot regulate the practice of medicine and, as a result, cannot direct physiciansas to which source it should use for the tetrathiomolybdate they prescribe totheir patients. Consequently, we might be limited in our ability to preventoff-label use of a competitor’s tetrathiomolybdate to treat Wilson’s disease orinflammatory or fibrotic disease, even if we have orphan drug exclusivity. Ourcompetitor might seek FDA or EMEA approval to market tetrathiomolybdate for anytherapeutic indication, including Wilson’s disease or idiopathic pulmonaryfibrosis (IPF). If we are not able to obtain and enforce these patents, acompetitor could use tetrathiomolybdate for a treatment or use not covered byany of our patents. Since wedo not have composition of matter patent claims for oral TTM, EFFIRMATM, and TRIMESTATM, others may obtain approvals for other uses of these products. Forexample, the active ingredients in both EFFIRMATM and TRIMESTATM have been approved for marketing in overseas countries for differentuses. Other companies, including the original developers or affiliates of theseproducts may seek to develop EFFIRMATM or TRIMESTATM for these uses in the US or any country we are seeking approval for.We cannot provide any assurances that any other company may obtain FDA approvalfor products that contain EFFIRMATMor TRIMESTATMthat might adversely affect our ability to develop and market these products inthe US. TM TM TM TM TM TM TM TM Werely primarily on method patents and patent applications and various regulatoryexclusivities to protect the development of our technologies, and our ability tocompete may decrease or be eliminated if we are not able to protect ourproprietary technology. Ourcompetitiveness may be adversely affected if we are unable to protect ourproprietary technologies. Other than anti-CD4 802-2 and zinc-monocysteine, thereare no composition of matter patents for TRIMESTATM,EFFIRMATM,CORRECTATM,Solovax, oral TTM or their respective active and zinc-monocysteine ingredientsestriol, flupirtine, clotrimazole and tetrathiomolybdate. Additionally, we donot have an issued patent for oral TTMs use to treat Wilson’s disease, althoughwe do have Orphan Drug Designation for this indication. Orphan Drug Designationprovides protection for seven years of marketing exclusivity for that product inthat disease indication in the U.S. We also expect to rely on patent protectionfrom an issued U.S. Patent for the use of oral TTM and related compounds totreat inflammatory and fibrotic diseases (U.S. Patent No 6,855,340). Thesepatents have been exclusively licensed to us. We have also filed various pendingpatent applications which cover various formulations, packaging, distribution& monitoring methods for oral TTM. We rely on issued patent and pendingpatent applications for use of TRIMESTATM totreat MS (issued U.S. Patent No. 6,936,599) and various other therapeuticindications which have been exclusively licensed to us. We have also exclusivelylicensed an issued patent for the treatment of fibromyalgia with EFFIRMATM andhave pending patent applications for our uses of CORRECTATM. TM TM TM TM TM TM In March2008, we received an English translation of a Russian disclosure, Zegzhda et.al. Chemical Abstracts Vol. 85 Abstract No. 186052 (1976) that was recentlycited by the U.S. patent examiner during our prosecution of the pending U.S.patent application Ser. No. 11/621,390. The translation of such disclosureappears to describe an insoluble non-zinc-salt zinc monocysteine complex whichmay impact the validity of claim 1 of U.S. patent 7,164,035. We alsoexpect to rely on regulatory exclusivities, such as the Orphan Drug Designationwith the FDA and EMEA (“Orphan Drug”) to protect oral  TTM,CORRECTATM and ourother future products for certain therapeutic indications. Orphan Drugprotection provides for seven years of marketing exclusivity for that diseaseindication in the U.S. and ten years of marketing exclusivity for that diseaseindication in Europe. We have received an Orphan Drug Designation for the use ofCORRECTATMto treat pouchitis as well as an Orphan Drug Designation for the use of oral TTMto treat neurologically presenting Wilson’s disease and are in the process offiling similar designations in Europe. Orphan Drug Designation is an importantelement of our competitive strategy for oral TTM and CORRECTATM.To be successful in enforcing this designation, our NDA would need to be thefirst NDA approved to use oral TTM and CORRECTATMfor that indication. While we are not aware of any other companies that havesought orphan drug designation for oral TTM and CORRECTATMfor any indication, other companies may in the future seek it and may obtain FDAmarketing approval before we do. TM TM TM TM TM After theOrphan Drug exclusivity period expires, assuming our patents are validly issued,we still expect to rely on our issued and pending method of use patentapplications to protect our proprietary technology with respect to thedevelopment of oral TTM, TRIMESTATMand CORRECTATM.The patent positions of pharmaceutical companies are uncertain and may involvecomplex legal and factual questions. We may incur significant expense inprotecting our intellectual property and defending or assessing claims withrespect to intellectual property owned by others. Any patent or otherinfringement litigation by or against us could cause us to incur significantexpense and divert the attention of our management. TM TM We mayalso rely on the United States Drug Price Competition and Patent TermRestoration Act, commonly known as the “Hatch-Waxman Amendments,” to protectsome of our current product candidates, specifically oral TTM, TRIMESTATM,zincmonocystine, Anti-CD4 802-2, EFFIRMATMand other future product candidates we may develop. Once a drug containing a newmolecule is approved by the FDA, the FDA cannot accept an abbreviated NDA for ageneric drug containing that molecule for five years, although the FDA mayaccept and approve a drug containing the molecule pursuant to an NDA supportedby independent clinical data. Recent amendments have been proposed that wouldnarrow the scope of Hatch-Waxman exclusivity and permit generic drugs to competewith our drug. TM TM TM Othersmay file patent applications or obtain patents on similar technologies orcompounds that compete with our products. We cannot predict how broad the claimsin any such patents or applications will be, and whether they will be allowed.Once claims have been issued, we cannot predict how they will be construed orenforced. We may infringe intellectual property rights of others without beingaware of it. If another party claims we are infringing their technology, wecould have to defend an expensive and time consuming lawsuit, pay a large sum ifwe are found to be infringing, or be prohibited from selling or licensing ourproducts unless we obtain a license or redesign our product, which may not bepossible. We alsorely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how to develop and maintain ourcompetitive position. Some of our current or former employees, consultants, orscientific advisors, or current or prospective corporate collaborators, mayunintentionally or willfully disclose our confidential information tocompetitors or use our proprietary technology for their own benefit.Furthermore, enforcing a claim alleging the infringement of our trade secretswould be expensive and difficult to prove, making the outcome uncertain. Ourcompetitors may also independently develop similar knowledge, methods, andknow-how or gain access to our proprietary information through some othermeans. Wemay fail to retain or recruit necessary personnel, and we may be unable tosecure the services of consultants. As ofMarch 31, 2008, we have 12 full-time employees. We have also engaged regulatoryconsultants to advise us on our dealings with the FDA and other foreignregulatory authorities. We intend to recruit certain key executive officers,including a Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Regulatory Affairsduring 2008. Our future performance will depend in part on our ability tosuccessfully integrate newly hired executive officers into our management teamand our ability to develop an effective working relationship among seniormanagement. Certainof our officers, directors, (including Mr. Stergis, our Vice Chairman of theBoard and former Chief Operating Officer, Dr. Rudick, a director and formerChief Medical Officer, Jeffrey Kraws, a director and former VP of BusinessDevelopment, Jeffrey Wolf, a director, and Dr. Kuo, a director) scientificadvisors, and consultants serve as officers, directors, scientific advisors, orconsultants of other biopharmaceutical or biotechnology companies which might bedeveloping competitive products to ours. None of our directors or officers isobligated under any agreement or understanding with us to make any additionalproducts or technologies available to us. Similarly, we can give no assurances,and we do not expect and stockholders should not expect, that any biomedical orpharmaceutical product or technology identified by any of our directors oraffiliates in the future would be made available to us. We canexpect this to also be the case with personnel that we engage in the future. Wecan give no assurances that any such other companies will not have intereststhat are in conflict with our interests. Losingkey personnel or failing to recruit necessary additional personnel would impedeour ability to attain our development objectives. There is intense competitionfor qualified personnel in the drug-development field, and we may not be able toattract and retain the qualified personnel we would need to develop ourbusiness. We relyon independent organizations, advisors, and consultants to perform certainservices for us, including handling substantially all aspects of regulatoryapproval, clinical management, manufacturing, marketing, and sales. We expectthat this will continue to be the case. Such services may not always beavailable to us on a timely basis when we need them. Wemay experience difficulties in obtaining sufficient quantities of our productsor other compounds. In orderto successfully commercialize our product candidates, we must be able tomanufacture our products in commercial quantities, in compliance with regulatoryrequirements, at acceptable costs, and in a timely manner. Manufacture of thetypes of biopharmaceutical products that we propose to develop present variousrisks. For example, manufacture of the active ingredient in oral TTM is acomplex process that can be difficult to scale up for purposes of producinglarge quantities. This process can also be subject to delays, inefficiencies,and poor or low yields of quality products. Furthermore, the active ingredientof oral TTM is known to be subject to a loss of potency as a result of prolongedexposure to moisture and other normal atmospheric conditions. We are developingproprietary formulations and specialty packaging solutions to overcome thisstability issue, but we can give no assurances that we will be successful inmeeting the stability requirements required for approval by regulatoryauthorities such as the FDA or the requirements that our new proprietaryformulations and drug product will demonstrate satisfactory comparability toless stable formulations utilized in prior clinical trials. We may experiencedelays in demonstrating satisfactory stability requirements and drug productcomparability requirements that could delay acceptance or approval of ourplanned NDA for oral TTM. OurSOLOVAX T-cell vaccine technology is complex to manufacture. The vaccine ismanufactured through the procurement of a patient’s own T-cells derived from thepatient’s plasma. This manufacturing process involves incubation of T-cells,irradiation and refrigeration of the cells. We plan to develop a revisedmanufacturing procedure which will streamline quality control of thevaccine. Historically,our manufacturing has been handled by contract manufacturers and compoundingpharmacies. We can give no assurances that we will be able to continue to useour current manufacturer or be able to establish another relationship with amanufacturer quickly enough so as not to disrupt commercialization of any of ourproducts, or that commercial quantities of any of our products, if approved formarketing, will be available from contract manufacturers at acceptablecosts. Inaddition, any contract manufacturer that we select to manufacture our productcandidates might fail to maintain a current “goodmanufacturing practices” (cGMP) manufacturing facility. During February 2007, weestablished a commercial manufacturing facility for oralTTM product in Ann Arbor, MI and we have hired and trained ouremployees to comply with the extensive regulations applicable to such afacility. Upon FDA inspection our facility and/or cGMP procedures may requirechanges that could delay our intended product launch of oral TTM and otherproducts that might develop.  The costof manufacturing certain product candidates may make them prohibitivelyexpensive. In order to successfully commercialize our product candidates we maybe required to reduce the costs of production, and we may find that we areunable to do so. We may be unable to obtain, or may be required to pay highprices for compounds manufactured or sold by others that we need for comparisonpurposes in clinical trials and studies for our product candidates. Clinicaltrials are very expensive, time-consuming, and difficult to design andimplement. Humanclinical trials are very expensive and difficult to design and implement, inpart because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. The clinicaltrial process is also time-consuming. We estimate that clinical trials of ourproduct candidates would take at least several years to complete. Furthermore,failure can occur at any stage of the trials, and we could encounter problemsthat cause us to abandon or repeat clinical trials. Commencement and completionof clinical trials may be delayed by several factors, including: ·  unforeseensafety issues; ·  determinationof dosing; ·  lack ofeffectiveness during clinical trials; ·  slowerthan expected rates of patient recruitment; ·  inabilityto monitor patients adequately during or after treatment; and ·  inabilityor unwillingness of medical investigators to follow our clinicalprotocols. Inaddition, we or the FDA may suspend our clinical trials at any time if itappears that we are exposing participants to unacceptable health risks or if theFDA finds deficiencies in our submissions or conduct of our trials. Theresults of our clinical trials may not support our product candidateclaims. Even ifour clinical trials are completed as planned, we cannot be certain that theresults will support our product-candidate claims. Success in pre-clinicaltesting and phase II clinical trials does not ensure that later phase II orphase III clinical trials will be successful. We cannot be sure that the resultsof later clinical trials would replicate the results of prior clinical trialsand pre-clinical testing. Clinical trials may fail to demonstrate that ourproduct candidates are safe for humans and effective for indicated uses. Anysuch failure could cause us to abandon a product candidate and might delaydevelopment of other product candidates. Any delay in, or termination of, ourclinical trials would delay our obtaining FDA approval for the affected productcandidate and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize that productcandidate. Physiciansand patients may not accept and use our technologies. Even ifthe FDA approves our product candidates, physicians and patients may not acceptand use them. Acceptance and use of our product will depend upon a number offactors, including the following: ·  theperception of members of the health care community, including physicians,regarding the safety and effectiveness of our drugs; ·  thecost-effectiveness of our product relative to competing products; ·  availabilityof reimbursement for our products from government or other healthcare payers;and ·  theeffectiveness of marketing and distribution efforts by us and our licensees anddistributors, if any. Becausewe expect sales of our current product candidates, if approved, to generatesubstantially all of our product revenues for the foreseeable future, thefailure of any of these drugs to find market acceptance would harm our businessand could require us to seek additional financing. Wedepend on researchers who are not under our control. We dependupon independent investigators and scientific collaborators, such asuniversities and medical institutions, to conduct our pre-clinical and clinicaltrials under agreements with us. These collaborators are not our employees andwe cannot control the amount or timing of resources that they devote to ourprograms or the timing of their procurement of clinical-trial data. They may notassign as great a priority to our programs or pursue them as diligently as wewould if we were undertaking those programs ourselves. Failing to devotesufficient time and resources to our drug-development programs, or substandardperformance, could result in delay of any FDA applications and ourcommercialization of the drug candidate involved. Our oralTTM program is highly dependent on Dr. George Brewer, Professor Emeritus at theUniversity of Michigan. Dr. Brewer was the principal investigator and conductedthe clinical trials over an 18 year period on the oral TTM clinical trials whichformed the basis of our NDA filing. We have retained Dr. Brewer, age 76 as anadvisor and consultant to Pipex. In the event of Dr. Brewer’s untimely death ordisability, may significantly hamper our developement capabilities of oralTTM. Thesecollaborators may also have relationships with other commercial entities, someof which may compete with us. Our collaborators assisting our competitors at ourexpense could harm our competitive position. For example, we depend onscientific collaborators for our TRIMESTATM,SOLOVAXTM,CORRECTATM,anti-CD4 802-2, EFFIRMATMand oral TTM development programs. Specifically, all of the clinical trials havebeen conducted under physician-sponsored investigational new drug applications(INDs), not corporate-sponsored INDs. Additionally, the clinical trials for oralTTM for the treatment of neurologic Wilson’s disease have been conducted andcompleted prior to us licensing this technology from the University of Michigan.Due to various patient privacy regulations and other administrativematters, we have experienced delays and/or an inability to obtain clinical trialdata relating to oral TTM. As such, this delay or inability to obtain anydata might result our inability to obtain regulatory approvals for oral TTM andour products. We are also dependent on government and private grants to fundcertain of our clinical trials for our product candidates. For example, TRIMESTAhas received a $5 million grant from the Southern Chapter of the NationalMultiple Sclerosis Society which funds a majority of our ongoing phase II/IIIclinical trial in relapsing remitting  multiple sclerosis. If we areunable to maintain these grants, we might be forced to scale back development ofthese product candidates. We have experienced difficulty in collecting the dataor transferring these programs to corporate-sponsored INDs. Additionally, we areaware that all of our scientific collaborators may also act as advisors to ourcompetitors. TM TM TM TM Wehave no experience selling, marketing, or distributing products and do not havethe capability to do so. Wecurrently have no sales, marketing, or distribution capabilities. We do notanticipate having resources in the foreseeable future to allocate to selling andmarketing our proposed products. Our success will depend, in part, on whether weare able to enter into and maintain collaborative relationships with apharmaceutical or a biotechnology company charged with marketing one or more ofour products. We may not be able to establish or maintain such collaborativearrangements or to commercialize our products in foreign territories, and evenif we do, our collaborators may not have effective sales forces. If we donot, or are unable to, enter into collaborative arrangements to sell and marketour proposed products, we will need to devote significant capital, managementresources, and time to establishing and developing an in-house marketing andsales force with technical expertise. We may be unsuccessful in doingso. Ifwe fail to maintain positive relationships with particular individuals, we maybe unable to successfully develop our product candidates, conduct clinicaltrials, and obtain financing. If wefail to maintain positive relationships with members of our management team orif these individuals decrease their contributions to our company, our businesscould be adversely impacted. We do not carry key employee insurance policies forany of our key employees. We alsorely greatly on employing and retaining other highly trained and experiencedsenior management and scientific personnel. The competition for these and otherqualified personnel in the biotechnology field is intense. If we are not able toattract and retain qualified scientific, technical, and managerial personnel, weprobably will be unable to achieve our business objectives. Wemay not be able to compete successfully for market share against other drugcompanies. Themarkets for our product candidates are characterized by intense competition andrapid technological advances. If our product candidates receive FDA approval,they will compete with existing and future drugs and therapies developed,manufactured, and marketed by others. Competing products may provide greatertherapeutic convenience or clinical or other benefits for a specific indicationthan our products, or may offer comparable performance at a lower cost. If ourproducts fail to capture and maintain market share, we may not achievesufficient product revenues and our business will suffer. We willcompete against fully integrated pharmaceutical companies and smaller companiesthat are collaborating with larger pharmaceutical companies, academicinstitutions, government agencies, or other public and private researchorganizations. Many of these competitors have therapies to treat autoimmunefibrotic and central nervous system diseases already approved or in development.In addition, many of these competitors, either alone or together with theircollaborative partners, operate larger research-and-development programs than wedo, have substantially greater financial resources than we do, and havesignificantly greater experience in the following areas: ·  developingdrugs; ·  undertakingpre-clinical testing and human clinical trials; ·  obtainingFDA and other regulatory approvals of drugs; ·  formulatingand manufacturing drugs; and ·  launching,marketing and selling drugs. Wemay incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedingsrelating to patent and other intellectual property rights, as well as costsassociated with frivolous lawsuits. If anyother person files patent applications, or is issued patents, claimingtechnology also claimed by us in pending applications, we may be required toparticipate in interference proceedings in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Officeto determine priority of invention. We, or our licensors, may also need toparticipate in interference proceedings involving our issued patents and pendingapplications of another entity. We cannotguarantee that the practice of our technologies will not conflict with therights of others. In some foreign jurisdictions, we could become involved inopposition proceedings, either by opposing the validity of another’s foreignpatent or by persons opposing the validity of our foreign patents. We mayalso face frivolous litigation or lawsuits from various competitors or fromlitigious securities attorneys. The cost to us of any litigation or otherproceeding relating to these areas, even if resolved in our favor, could besubstantial and could distract management from our business. Uncertaintiesresulting from initiation and continuation of any litigation could have amaterial adverse effect on our ability to continue our operations. Ifwe infringe the rights of others we could be prevented from selling products orforced to pay damages. If ourproducts, methods, processes, and other technologies are found to infringe theproprietary rights of other parties, we could be required to pay damages, or wemay be required to cease using the technology or to license rights from theprevailing party. Any prevailing party may be unwilling to offer us a license oncommercially acceptable terms. Ourability to generate product revenues will be diminished if our drugs sell forinadequate prices or patients are unable to obtain adequate levels ofreimbursement. Ourability to commercialize our drugs, alone or with collaborators, will depend inpart on the extent to which reimbursement is available from government andhealth administration authorities, private health maintenance organizations,health insurers, and other healthcare payers. Significantuncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved healthcareproducts. Healthcare payers, including Medicare, are challenging the pricescharged for medical products and services. Government and other healthcarepayers increasingly attempt to contain healthcare costs by limiting bothcoverage and the level of reimbursement for drugs. Even if our productcandidates are approved by the FDA, insurance coverage may not be available, ormay be inadequate, to cover the cost of our drugs. This could affect our abilityto commercialize our products. Wemay not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage against product liabilityclaims. Ourbusiness exposes us to the product liability risks inherent in the testing,manufacturing, marketing, and sale of human therapeutic technologies andproducts. Even if it is available, product liability insurance for thepharmaceutical and biotechnology industry generally is expensive. Adequateinsurance coverage may not be available at a reasonable cost. RISKSRELATING TO OUR STOCK Wewill seek to raise additional funds in the future, which may be dilutive tostockholders or impose operational restrictions. We expectto seek to raise additional capital in the future to help fund development ofour proposed products. If we raise additional capital through the issuance ofequity or debt securities, the percentage ownership of our current stockholderswill be reduced. We may also enter into strategic transactions, issue equity aspart of license issue fees to our licensors, compensate consultants using equitythat may be dilutive. Our stockholders may experience additional dilution in netbook value per share and any additional equity securities may have rights,preferences and privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock.If we cannot raise additional funds, we will have to delay developmentactivities of our products candidates. Weare controlled by our current officers, directors, and principalstockholders. Currently,our directors, executive officers, and principal stockholders beneficially own amajority of our common stock. As a result, they will be able to exertsubstantial influence over the election of our board of directors and the voteon issues submitted to our stockholders. Ourshares of common stock are from time to time thinly traded, so stockholders maybe unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all if they need to sell shares toraise money or otherwise desire to liquidate their shares. Ourcommon stock has from time to time been “thinly-traded,” meaning that the numberof persons interested in purchasing our common stock at or near ask prices atany given time may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation isattributable to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a smallcompany that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers,institutional investors and others in the investment community that generate orinfluence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of suchpersons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow anunproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of ourshares until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence,there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our sharesis minimal or non­existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has alarge and steady volume of trading activity that will generally supportcontinuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot givestockholders any assurance that a broader or more active public trading marketfor our common shares will develop or be sustained, or that current tradinglevels will be sustained. Ourcompliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and SEC rules concerning internalcontrols may be time consuming, difficult and costly. Althoughindividual members of our management team have experience as officers ofpublicly traded companies, much of that experience came prior to the adoption ofthe Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. It may be time consuming, difficult and costlyfor us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting proceduresrequired by Sarbanes-Oxley. We may need to hire additional financial reporting,internal controls and other finance staff in order to develop and implementappropriate internal controls and reporting procedures. If we are unable tocomply with Sarbanes-Oxley’s internal controls requirements, we may not be ableto obtain the independent accountant certifications that Sarbanes-Oxley Actrequires publicly-traded companies to obtain. Wecannot assure you that the common stock will be liquid or that it will remainlisted on a securities exchange. We cannotassure you that we will be able to maintain the listing standards of theAmerican Stock Exchange. The American Stock Exchange requires companies to meetcertain listing criteria including certain minimum stockholders and equityprices per share. We may not be able to maintain such minimum prices or may berequired to effect a reverse stock split to maintain such minimumprices. Theremay be issuances of shares of preferred stock in the future. Althoughwe currently do not have preferred shares outstanding, the board of directorscould authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grantholders preferred rights to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receivedividends before dividends would be declared to common stockholders, and theright to the redemption of such shares, possibly together with a premium, priorto the redemption of the common stock. To the extent that we do issue preferredstock, the rights of holders of common stock could be impaired thereby,including without limitation, with respect to liquidation. Wehave never paid dividends. We havenever paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying anyfor the foreseeable future. RISKSRELATED TO OUR INDUSTRY GovernmentRegulation The FDA,comparable foreign regulators and state and local pharmacy regulators imposesubstantial requirements upon clinical development, manufacture and marketing ofpharmaceutical products. These and other entities regulate research anddevelopment and the testing, manufacture, quality control, safety,effectiveness, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising, andpromotion of our products. The drug approval process required by the FDA underthe Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act generally involves: ·  Preclinicallaboratory and animal tests; ·  Submissionof an IND, prior to commencing human clinical trials; ·  Adequateand well-controlled human clinical trials to establish safety and efficacy forintended use; ·  Submissionto the FDA of a NDA; and ·  FDAreview and approval of a NDA. Thetesting and approval process requires substantial time, effort, and financialresources, and we cannot be certain that any approval will be granted on atimely basis, if at all. Preclinicaltests include laboratory evaluation of the product candidate, its chemistry,formulation and stability, and animal studies to assess potential safety andefficacy. Certain preclinical tests must be conducted in compliance with goodlaboratory practice regulations. Violations of these regulations can, in somecases, lead to invalidation of the studies, requiring them to be replicated. Insome cases, long-term preclinical studies are conducted concurrently withclinical studies. We willsubmit the preclinical test results, together with manufacturing information andanalytical data, to the FDA as part of an IND, which must become effectivebefore we begin human clinical trials. The IND automatically becomes effective30 days after filing, unless the FDA raises questions about conduct of thetrials outlined in the IND and imposes a clinical hold, in which case, the INDsponsor and FDA must resolve the matters before clinical trials can begin. It ispossible that our submission may not result in FDA authorization to commenceclinical trials. Clinicaltrials must be supervised by a qualified investigator in accordance with goodclinical practice regulations, which include informed consent requirements. Anindependent Institutional Review Board (“IRB”) at each medical center reviewsand approves and monitors the study, and is periodically informed of the study’sprogress, adverse events and changes in research. Progress reports are submittedannually to the FDA and more frequently if adverse events occur. Humanclinical trials typically have three sequential phases that mayoverlap: Phase I:The drug is initially tested in healthy human subjects or patients for safety,dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution, andexcretion. Phase II:The drug is studied in a limited patient population to identify possible adverseeffects and safety risks, determine efficacy for specific diseases and establishdosage tolerance and optimal dosage. PhaseIII: When phase II evaluations demonstrate that a dosage range is effective withan acceptable safety profile, phase III trials to further evaluate dosage,clinical efficacy and safety, are undertaken in an expanded patient population,often at geographically dispersed sites. We cannotbe certain that we will successfully complete phase I, phase II, or phase IIItesting of our product candidates within any specific time period, if at all.Furthermore, the FDA, an IRB or the IND sponsor may suspend clinical trials atany time on various grounds, including a finding that subjects or patients areexposed to unacceptable health risk. Concurrentwith these trials and studies, we also develop chemistry and physicalcharacteristics data and finalize a manufacturing process in accordance withgood manufacturing practice (“GMP”) requirements. The manufacturing process mustconform to consistency and quality standards, and we must develop methods fortesting the quality, purity, and potency of the final products. Appropriatepackaging is selected and tested, and chemistry stability studies are conductedto demonstrate that the product does not undergo unacceptable deterioration overits shelf-life. Results of the foregoing are submitted to the FDA as part of aNDA for marketing and commercial shipment approval. The FDA reviews each NDAsubmitted and may request additional information. Once theFDA accepts the NDA for filing, it begins its in-depth review. The FDA hassubstantial discretion in the approval process and may disagree with ourinterpretation of the data submitted. The process may be significantly extendedby requests for additional information or clarification regarding informationalready provided. As part of this review, the FDA may refer the application toan appropriate advisory committee, typically a panel of clinicians.Manufacturing establishments often are inspected prior to NDA approval to assurecompliance with GMPs and with manufacturing commitments made in theapplication. Submissionof a NDA with clinical data requires payment of a fee (for fiscal year 2008,$1,178,500). In return, the FDA assigns a goal of ten months for issuing its“complete response,” in which the FDA may approve or deny the NDA, or requireadditional clinical data. Even if these data are submitted, the FDA mayultimately decide the NDA does not satisfy approval criteria. If the FDAapproves the NDA, the product becomes available for physicians prescription.Product approval may be withdrawn if regulatory compliance is not maintained orsafety problems occur. The FDA may require post-marketing studies, also known asphase IV studies, as a condition of approval, and requires surveillance programsto monitor approved products that have been commercialized. The agency has thepower to require changes in labeling or prohibit further marketing based on theresults of post-marketing surveillance. Satisfactionof these and other regulatory requirements typically takes several years, andthe actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexityand novelty of the product. Government regulation may delay or prevent marketingof potential products for a considerable period of time and impose costlyprocedures on our activities. We cannot be certain that the FDA or otherregulatory agencies will approve any of our products on a timely basis, if atall. Success in preclinical or early-stage clinical trials does not assuresuccess in later-stage clinical trials. Data obtained from pre-clinical andclinical activities are not always conclusive and may be susceptible to varyinginterpretations that could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. Even ifa product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantlylimited to specific indications or uses. Evenafter regulatory approval is obtained, later discovery of previously unknownproblems with a product may result in restrictions on the product or evencomplete withdrawal of the product from the market. Delays in obtaining, orfailures to obtain regulatory approvals would have a material adverse effect onour business. Anyproducts manufactured or distributed by us pursuant to FDA approvals are subjectto pervasive and continuing FDA regulation, including record-keepingrequirements, reporting of adverse experiences, submitting periodic reports,drug sampling and distribution requirements, manufacturing or labeling changes,record-keeping requirements, and compliance with FDA promotion and advertisingrequirements. Drug manufacturers and their subcontractors are required toregister their facilities with the FDA and state agencies, and are subject toperiodic unannounced inspections for GMP compliance, imposing procedural anddocumentation requirements upon us and third-party manufacturers. Failure tocomply with these regulations could result, among other things, in suspension ofregulatory approval, recalls, suspension of production or injunctions, seizures,or civil or criminal sanctions. We cannot be certain that we or our present orfuture subcontractors will be able to comply with theseregulations. The FDAregulates drug labeling and promotion activities. The FDA has actively enforcedregulations prohibiting the marketing of products for unapproved uses. The FDApermits the promotion of drugs for unapproved uses in certain circumstances,subject to stringent requirements. We and our product candidates are subject toa variety of state laws and regulations which may hinder our ability to marketour products. Whether or not FDA approval has been obtained, approval by foreignregulatory authorities must be obtained prior to commencing clinical trials, andsales and marketing efforts in those countries. These approval procedures varyin complexity from country to country, and the processes may be longer orshorter than that required for FDA approval. We may incur significant costs tocomply with these laws and regulations now or in the future. The FDA’spolicies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted whichcould prevent or delay regulatory approval of our potential products. Increasedattention to the containment of health care costs worldwide could result in newgovernment regulations materially adverse to our business. We cannot predict thelikelihood, nature or extent of adverse governmental regulation that might arisefrom future legislative or administrative action, either in the U.S. orabroad. OtherRegulatory Requirements The U.S.Federal Trade Commission and the Office of the Inspector General of the U.S.Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) also regulate certainpharmaceutical marketing practices. Government reimbursement practices andpolicies with respect to our products are important to our success. We aresubject to numerous federal, state and local laws relating to safe workingconditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection, fire hazardcontrol, and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances. We mayincur significant costs to comply with these laws and regulations. Theregulatory framework under which we operate will inevitably change in light ofscientific, economic, demographic and policy developments, and such changes mayhave a material adverse effect on our business. EuropeanProduct Approval Priorregulatory approval for human healthy volunteer studies (phase I studies) isrequired in member states of the European Union (E.U.). Summary data fromsuccessful phase I studies are submitted to regulatory authorities in memberstates to support applications for phase II studies. E.U. authorities typicallyhave one to three months (which often may be extended in their discretion) toraise objections to the proposed study. One or more independent ethicscommittees (similar to U.S. IRBs) review relevant ethical issues. For E.U.marketing approval, we submit to the relevant authority for review a dossier, orMAA (Market Authorization Application), providing information on the quality ofthe chemistry, manufacturing and pharmaceutical aspects of the product as wellas non-clinical and clinical data. Approvalcan take several months to several years, and can be denied, depending onwhether additional studies or clinical trials are requested (which may delaymarketing approval and involve unbudgeted costs) or regulatory authoritiesconduct facilities (including clinical investigation site) inspections andreview manufacturing procedures, operating systems and personnel qualifications.In many cases, each drug manufacturing facility must be approved, and furtherinspections may occur over the product’s life. Theregulatory agency may require post-marketing surveillance to monitor for adverseeffects or other studies. Further clinical studies are usually necessary forapproval of additional indications. The terms of any approval, includinglabeling content, may be more restrictive than expected and could affect themarketability of a product. Failureto comply with these ongoing requirements can result in suspension of regulatoryapproval and civil and criminal sanctions. European renewals may requireadditional data, resulting in a license being withdrawn. E.U. regulators havethe authority to revoke, suspend or withdraw approvals, prevent companies andindividuals from participating in the drug approval process, request recalls,seize violative products, obtain injunctions to close non-compliantmanufacturing plants and stop shipments of violative products. PricingControls Pricingfor products under approval applications is also subject to regulation.Requirements vary widely between countries and can be implemented disparatelyintra-nationally. The E.U. generally provides options for member states tocontrol pricing of medicinal products for human use, ranging from specificprice-setting to systems of direct or indirect controls on the producer’sprofitability. U.K. regulation, for example, generally provides controls onoverall profits derived from sales to the U.K. National Health Service that arebased on profitability targets or a function of capital employed in servicingthe National Health Service market. Italy generally utilizes a price monitoringsystem based on the European average price over the reference markets of France,Spain, Germany and the U.K. Italy typically establishes price within atherapeutic class based on the lowest price for a medicine belonging to thatcategory. Spain generally establishes selling price based on prime cost plus aprofit margin within a range established yearly by the Spanish Commission forEconomic Affairs. There canbe no assurance that price controls or reimbursement limitations will result infavorable arrangements for our products. Third-PartyReimbursements In theU.S., the E.U. and elsewhere, pharmaceutical sales are dependent in part on theavailability and adequacy of reimbursement from third party payers such asgovernments and private insurance plans. Third party payers are increasinglychallenging established prices, and new products that are more expensive thanexisting treatments may have difficulty finding ready acceptance unless there isa clear therapeutic benefit. In theU.S., consumer willingness to choose a self-administered outpatient prescriptiondrug over a different drug or other form of treatment often depends on themanufacturer’s success in placing the product on a health plan formulary or druglist, which results in lower out-of-pocket costs. Favorable formulary placementtypically requires the product to be less expensive than what the health plandetermines to be therapeutically equivalent products, and often requiresmanufacturers to offer rebates. Federal law also requires manufacturers to payrebates to state Medicaid programs in order to have their products reimbursed byMedicaid. Medicare, which covers most Americans over age 65 and the disabled,has adopted a new insurance regime that will offer eligible beneficiarie’slimited coverage for outpatient prescription drugs effective January 1, 2006.The prescription drugs that will be covered under this insurance will bespecified on a formulary published by Medicare. As part of these changes,Medicare is adopting new payment formulas for prescription drugs administered byproviders, such as hospitals or physicians, that are generally expected to lowerreimbursement. The E.U.generally provides options for member states to restrict the range of medicinalproducts for which their national health insurance systems providereimbursement. Member states can opt for a “positive” or “negative” list, withthe former listing all covered medicinal products and the latter designatingthose excluded from coverage. The E.U., the U.K. and Spain have negative lists,while France uses a positive list. Canadian provinces establish their ownreimbursement measures. In some countries, products may also be subject toclinical and cost effectiveness reviews by health technology assessment bodies.Negative determinations in relation to our products could affect prescribingpractices. In the U.K., the National Institute for Clinical Excellence (“NICE”)provides such guidance to the National Health Service, and doctors are expectedto take it into account when choosing drugs to prescribe. Health authorities maywithhold funding from drugs not given a positive recommendation by NICE. Anegative determination by NICE may mean fewer prescriptions. Although NICEconsiders drugs with orphan status, there is a degree of tension on theapplication of standard cost assessment for orphan drugs, which are often pricedhigher to compensate for a limited market. It is unclear whether NICE will adopta more relaxed approach toward the assessment of orphan drugs. We cannotassure you that any of our products will be considered cost effective, or thatreimbursement will be available or sufficient to allow us to sell themcompetitively and profitably. Fraudand Abuse Laws The U.S.federal Medicare/Medicaid anti-kickback law and similar state laws prohibitremuneration intended to induce physicians or others either to refer patients,or to acquire or arrange for or recommend the acquisition of health careproducts or services. While the federal law applies only to referrals, productsor services receiving federal reimbursement, state laws often apply regardlessof whether federal funds are involved. Other federal and state laws prohibitanyone from presenting or causing to be presented false or fraudulent paymentclaims. Recent federal and state enforcement actions under these statutes havetargeted sales and marketing activities of prescription drug manufacturers. Aswe begin to market our products to health care providers, the relationships weform, such as compensating physicians for speaking or consulting services,providing financial support for continuing medical education or researchprograms, and assisting customers with third-party reimbursement claims, couldbe challenged under these laws and lead to civil or criminal penalties,including the exclusion of our products from federally-funded reimbursement.Even an unsuccessful challenge could cause adverse publicity and be costly torespond to, and thus could have a material adverse effect on our business,results of operations and financial condition. We intend to consult counselconcerning the potential application of these and other laws to our business andto our sales, marketing and other activities to comply with them. Given theirbroad reach and the increasing attention given them by law enforcementauthorities, however, we cannot assure you that some of our activities will notbe challenged. PatentRestoration and Marketing Exclusivity The U.S.Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (Hatch-Waxman)permits the FDA to approve Abbreviated New Drug Applications (“ANDAs”) forgeneric versions of innovator drugs, as well as NDAs with less original clinicaldata, and provides patent restoration and exclusivity protections to innovatordrug manufacturers. The ANDAprocess permits competitor companies to obtain marketing approval for drugs withthe same active ingredient and for the same uses as innovator drugs, but doesnot require the conduct and submission of clinical studies demonstrating safetyand efficacy. As a result, a competitor could copy any of our drugs and onlyneed to submit data demonstrating that the copy is bioequivalent to gainmarketing approval from the FDA. Hatch-Waxman requires a competitor that submitsan ANDA, or otherwise relies on safety and efficacy data for one of our drugs,to notify us and/or our business partners of potential infringement of ourpatent rights. We and/or our business partners may sue the company for patentinfringement, which would result in a 30-month stay of approval of thecompetitor’s application. The discovery, trial and appeals process in such suitscan take several years. If the litigation is resolved in favor of the genericapplicant or the challenged patent expires during the 30-month period, the stayis lifted and the FDA may approve the application. Hatch-Waxman also allowscompetitors to market copies of innovator products by submitting significantlyless clinical data outside the ANDA context. Such applications, known as“505(b)(2) NDAs” or “paper NDAs,” may rely on clinical investigations notconducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained aright of reference or use and are subject to the ANDA notification proceduresdescribed above. The lawalso restores a portion of a product’s patent term that is lost during clinicaldevelopment and NDA review, and provides statutory protection, known asexclusivity, against FDA approval or acceptance of certain competitorapplications. Restoration can return up to five years of patent term for apatent covering a new product or its use to compensate for time lost duringproduct development and regulatory review. The restoration period is generallyone-half the time between the effective date of an IND and submission of an NDA,plus the time between NDA submission and its approval (subject to the five-yearlimit), and no extension can extend total patent life beyond 14 years after thedrug approval date. Applications for patent term extension are subject to U.S.Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) approval, in conjunction with FDA.Approval of these applications takes at least six months, and there can be noguarantee that it will be given at all. Hatch-Waxmanalso provides for differing periods of statutory protection for new drugsapproved under an NDA. Among the types of exclusivity are those for a “newmolecular entity” and those for a new formulation or indication for apreviously-approved drug. If granted, marketing exclusivity for the types ofproducts that we are developing, which include only drugs with innovativechanges to previously-approved products using the same active ingredient, wouldprohibit the FDA from approving an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA relying on safety andefficacy data for three years. This three-year exclusivity, however, covers onlythe innovation associated with the original NDA. It does not prohibit the FDAfrom approving applications for drugs with the same active ingredient butwithout our new innovative change. These marketing exclusivity protections donot prohibit FDA from approving a full NDA, even if it contains the innovativechange. ITEM2. PROPERTIES\""
