[1] "[1] \"ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS ExxonMobil’s financial and operatingresults are subject to a variety of risks inherent in the global oil, gas, andpetrochemical businesses. Many of these risk factors are not within theCompany’s control and could adversely affect our business, our financial andoperating results or our financial condition. These risk factors include: Supply and Demand The oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses arefundamentally commodity businesses. This means ExxonMobil’s operations andearnings may be significantly affected by changes in oil, gas and petrochemicalprices and by changes in margins on refined products. Oil, gas, petrochemicaland product prices and margins in turn depend on local, regional and globalevents or conditions that affect supply and demand for the relevant commodity. Economic conditions. The demand for energy and petrochemicals correlates closely withgeneral economic growth rates. The occurrence of recessions or other periods oflow or negative economic growth will typically have a direct adverse impact onour results. Other factors that affect general economic conditions in the worldor in a major region, such as changes in population growth rates, periods ofcivil unrest, government austerity programs, or currency exchange ratefluctuations, can also impact the demand for energy and petrochemicals.Sovereign debt downgrades, defaults, inability to access debt markets due tocredit or legal constraints, liquidity crises, the breakup or restructuring offiscal, monetary, or political systems such as the European Union, and otherevents or conditions that impair the functioning of financial markets andinstitutions also pose risks to ExxonMobil, including risks to the safety ofour financial assets and to the ability of our partners and customers tofulfill their commitments to ExxonMobil. Other demand-related factors. Other factors that may affect the demand for oil, gasand petrochemicals, and therefore impact our results, include technologicalimprovements in energy efficiency; seasonal weather patterns, which affect thedemand for energy associated with heating and cooling; increasedcompetitiveness of alternative energy sources that have so far generally notbeen competitive with oil and gas without the benefit of government subsidiesor mandates; and changes in technology or consumer preferences that alter fuelchoices, such as toward alternative fueled vehicles. Other supply-related factors. Commodity prices and margins also vary depending on anumber of factors affecting supply. For example, increased supply from the developmentof new oil and gas supply sources and technologies to enhance recovery fromexisting sources tend to reduce commodity prices to the extent such supplyincreases are not offset by commensurate growth in demand. Similarly, increasesin industry refining or petrochemical manufacturing capacity tend to reducemargins on the affected products. World oil, gas, and petrochemical supplylevels can also be affected by factors that reduce available supplies, such asadherence by member countries to OPEC production quotas and the occurrence ofwars, hostile actions, natural disasters, disruptions in competitors’operations, or unexpected unavailability of distribution channels that maydisrupt supplies. Technological change can also alter the relative costs forcompetitors to find, produce, and refine oil and gas and to manufacturepetrochemicals. Other market factors. ExxonMobil’s business results are also exposed topotential negative impacts due to changes in interest rates, inflation,currency exchange rates, and other local or regional market conditions. Wegenerally do not use financial instruments to hedge market exposures. Government and Political Factors ExxonMobil’s results can be adversely affected bypolitical or regulatory developments affecting our operations. Access limitations. A number of countries limit access to their oil and gas resources, ormay place resources off-limits from development altogether. Restrictions onforeign investment in the oil and gas sector tend to increase in times of highcommodity prices, when national governments may have less need of outsidesources of private capital. Many countries also restrict the import or exportof certain products based on point of origin. Restrictions on doing business. As a U.S. company, ExxonMobil is subject to lawsprohibiting U.S. companies from doing business in certain countries, orrestricting the kind of business that may be conducted. Such restrictions mayprovide a competitive advantage to our non-U.S. competitors unless their ownhome countries impose comparable restrictions. Lack of legal certainty. Some countries in which we do business lackwell-developed legal systems, or have not yet adopted clear regulatoryframeworks for oil and gas development. Lack of legal certainty exposes ouroperations to increased risk of adverse or unpredictable actions by governmentofficials, and also makes it more difficult for us to enforce our contracts. Insome cases these risks can be partially offset by agreements to arbitratedisputes in an international forum, but the adequacy of this remedy may stilldepend on the local legal system to enforce an award. 2 2 2     Regulatory and litigation risks. Even in countries with well-developed legalsystems where ExxonMobil does business, we remain exposed to changes in law(including changes that result from international treaties and accords) thatcould adversely affect our results, such as:  ·   increases in taxes or government royalty rates  (including retroactive claims); ·   price controls; ·   changes in environmental regulations or other laws  that increase our cost of compliance or reduce or delay available business  opportunities (including changes in laws related to offshore drilling  operations, water use, or hydraulic fracturing); ·   adoption of regulations mandating the use of  alternative fuels or uncompetitive fuel components; ·   adoption of government payment transparency  regulations that could require us to disclose competitively sensitive  commercial information, or that could cause us to violate the non-disclosure  laws of other countries; and ·   government actions to cancel contracts,  re-denominate the official currency, renounce or default on obligations,  renegotiate terms unilaterally, or expropriate assets. Legal remedies available to compensate us forexpropriation or other takings may be inadequate. We also may be adversely affected by the outcome oflitigation or other legal proceedings, especially in countries such as theUnited States in which very large and unpredictable punitive damage awards mayoccur. Security concerns. Successful operation of particular facilities or projects may bedisrupted by civil unrest, acts of sabotage or terrorism, and other localsecurity concerns. Such concerns may require us to incur greater costs forsecurity or to shut down operations for a period of time. Climate change and greenhouse gas restrictions. Due to concern over the risk of climate change, anumber of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of,regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. These includeadoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting,increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewableenergy. These requirements could make our products more expensive, lengthen projectimplementation times, and reduce demand for hydrocarbons, as well as shifthydrocarbon demand toward relatively lower-carbon sources such as natural gas.Current and pending greenhouse gas regulations may also increase our compliancecosts, such as for monitoring or sequestering emissions. Government sponsorship of alternative energy. Many governments are providing tax advantages andother subsidies to support alternative energy sources or are mandating the useof specific fuels or technologies. Governments are also promoting research intonew technologies to reduce the cost and increase the scalability of alternativeenergy sources. We are conducting our own research efforts into alternativeenergy, such as through sponsorship of the Global Climate and Energy Project atStanford University and research into fuel-producing algae. Our future resultsmay depend in part on the success of our research efforts and on our ability toadapt and apply the strengths of our current business model to providing the energyproducts of the future in a cost-competitive manner. See “ManagementEffectiveness” below. Management Effectiveness In addition to external economic and politicalfactors, our future business results also depend on our ability to managesuccessfully those factors that are at least in part within our control. Theextent to which we manage these factors will impact our performance relative tocompetition. For projects in which we are not the operator, we depend on themanagement effectiveness of one or more co-venturers whom we do not control. Exploration and development program. Our ability to maintain and grow our oil and gasproduction depends on the success of our exploration and development efforts.Among other factors, we must continuously improve our ability to identify themost promising resource prospects and apply our project management expertise tobring discovered resources on line on schedule and within budget. Project management. The success of ExxonMobil’s Upstream, Downstream, and Chemicalbusinesses depends on complex, long-term, capital intensive projects. Theseprojects in turn require a high degree of project management expertise tomaximize efficiency. Specific factors that can affect the performance of majorprojects include our ability to: negotiate successfully with joint venturers,partners, governments, suppliers, customers, or others; model and optimizereservoir performance; develop markets for project outputs, whether throughlong-term contracts or the development of effective spot markets; managechanges in operating conditions and costs, including costs of third partyequipment or services such as drilling rigs and shipping; prevent, to theextent possible, and respond effectively to unforeseen technical difficultiesthat could delay project startup or cause unscheduled project downtime; andinfluence the performance of project operators where ExxonMobil does notperform that role. 3 3 3     The term “project” as used in this report does notnecessarily have the same meaning as under SEC Rule 13q-1 relating togovernment payment reporting.  For example, a single project for purposes ofthe rule may encompass numerous properties, agreements, investments,developments, phases, work efforts, activities, and components, each of which wemay also informally describe as a “project”. Operational efficiency. An important component of ExxonMobil’s competitiveperformance, especially given the commodity-based nature of many of ourbusinesses, is our ability to operate efficiently, including our ability tomanage expenses and improve production yields on an ongoing basis. Thisrequires continuous management focus, including technology improvements, costcontrol, productivity enhancements, regular reappraisal of our asset portfolio,and the recruitment, development and retention of high caliber employees. Research and development. To maintain our competitive position, especially inlight of the technological nature of our businesses and the need for continuousefficiency improvement, ExxonMobil’s research and development organizationsmust be successful and able to adapt to a changing market and policyenvironment. Safety, business controls, and environmental riskmanagement. Our results depend onmanagement’s ability to minimize the inherent risks of oil, gas, andpetrochemical operations, to control effectively our business activities and tominimize the potential for human error. We apply rigorous management systemsand continuous focus to workplace safety and to avoiding spills or other adverseenvironmental events. For example, we work to minimize spills through acombined program of effective operations integrity management, ongoingupgrades, key equipment replacements, and comprehensive inspection andsurveillance. Similarly, we are implementing cost-effective new technologiesand adopting new operating practices to reduce air emissions, not only inresponse to government requirements but also to address community priorities.We also maintain a disciplined framework of internal controls and apply acontrols management system for monitoring compliance with this framework.Substantial liabilities and other adverse impacts could result if ourmanagement systems and controls do not function as intended. The ability toinsure against such risks is limited by the capacity of the applicableinsurance markets, which may not be sufficient. Business risks also include the risk of cybersecuritybreaches. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove notto be sufficient, ExxonMobil could be adversely affected such as by having itsbusiness systems compromised, its proprietary information altered, lost orstolen, or its business operations disrupted. Preparedness. Our operations may be disrupted by severe weather events, natural disasters,human error, and similar events. For example, hurricanes may damage ouroffshore production facilities or coastal refining and petrochemical plants invulnerable areas. Our ability to mitigate the adverse impacts of these eventsdepends in part upon the effectiveness of our rigorous disaster preparednessand response planning, as well as business continuity planning. Projections, estimates and descriptions ofExxonMobil’s plans and objectives included or incorporated in Items 1, 1A, 2, 7and 7A of this report are forward-looking statements. Actual future results,including project completion dates, production rates, capital expenditures,costs and business plans could differ materially due to, among other things,the factors discussed above and elsewhere in this report.  ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS\""
