[1] "[1] \"ITEM 1A.       RISK FACTORS ExxonMobil’s financial and operatingresults are subject to a variety of risks inherent in the global oil, gas, andpetrochemical businesses. Many of these risk factors are not within theCompany’s control and could adversely affect our business, our financial andoperating results, or our financial condition. These risk factors include: Supply and Demand The oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses arefundamentally commodity businesses. This means ExxonMobil’s operations andearnings may be significantly affected by changes in oil, gas, andpetrochemical prices and by changes in margins on refined products. Oil, gas,petrochemical, and product prices and margins in turn depend on local, regional,and global events or conditions that affect supply and demand for the relevantcommodity. Any material decline in oil or natural gas prices could have amaterial adverse effect on certain of the Company’s operations, especially inthe Upstream segment, financial condition and proved reserves. On the otherhand, a material increase in oil or natural gas prices could have a materialadverse effect on certain of the Company’s operations, especially in theDownstream and Chemical segments. Economic conditions. The demand for energy and petrochemicals correlates closely withgeneral economic growth rates. The occurrence of recessions or other periods oflow or negative economic growth will typically have a direct adverse impact onour results. Other factors that affect general economic conditions in the worldor in a major region, such as changes in population growth rates, periods ofcivil unrest, government austerity programs, or currency exchange ratefluctuations, can also impact the demand for energy and petrochemicals.Sovereign debt downgrades, defaults, inability to access debt markets due tocredit or legal constraints, liquidity crises, the breakup or restructuring offiscal, monetary, or political systems such as the European Union, and otherevents or conditions that impair the functioning of financial markets andinstitutions also pose risks to ExxonMobil, including risks to the safety ofour financial assets and to the ability of our partners and customers tofulfill their commitments to ExxonMobil. Other demand-related factors. Other factors that may affect the demand for oil, gas,and petrochemicals, and therefore impact our results, include technologicalimprovements in energy efficiency; seasonal weather patterns, which affect thedemand for energy associated with heating and cooling; increased competitivenessof alternative energy sources that have so far generally not been competitivewith oil and gas without the benefit of government subsidies or mandates; andchanges in technology or consumer preferences that alter fuel choices, such astoward alternative fueled or electric vehicles. Other supply-related factors. Commodity prices and margins also vary depending on anumber of factors affecting supply. For example, increased supply from thedevelopment of new oil and gas supply sources and technologies to enhancerecovery from existing sources tend to reduce commodity prices to the extentsuch supply increases are not offset by commensurate growth in demand.Similarly, increases in industry refining or petrochemical manufacturingcapacity tend to reduce margins on the affected products. World oil, gas, andpetrochemical supply levels can also be affected by factors that reduceavailable supplies, such as adherence by member countries to OPEC productionquotas and the occurrence of wars, hostile actions, natural disasters,disruptions in competitors’ operations, or unexpected unavailability ofdistribution channels that may disrupt supplies. Technological change can alsoalter the relative costs for competitors to find, produce, and refine oil andgas and to manufacture petrochemicals. Other market factors. ExxonMobil’s business results are also exposed topotential negative impacts due to changes in interest rates, inflation,currency exchange rates, and other local or regional market conditions. Wegenerally do not use financial instruments to hedge market exposures.  Government and Political Factors ExxonMobil’s results can be adversely affected bypolitical or regulatory developments affecting our operations. Access limitations. A number of countries limit access to their oil and gas resources, ormay place resources off-limits from development altogether. Restrictions onforeign investment in the oil and gas sector tend to increase in times of highcommodity prices, when national governments may have less need of outsidesources of private capital. Many countries also restrict the import or exportof certain products based on point of origin. Restrictions on doing business. ExxonMobil is subject to laws and sanctions imposedby the U.S. or by other jurisdictions where we do business that may prohibitExxonMobil or certain of its affiliates from doing business in certaincountries, or restricting the kind of business that may be conducted. Suchrestrictions may provide a competitive advantage to competitors who may not besubject to comparable restrictions. Lack of legal certainty. Some countries in which we do business lackwell-developed legal systems, or have not yet adopted clear regulatoryframeworks for oil and gas development. Lack of legal certainty exposes ouroperations to increased risk of adverse or unpredictable actions by governmentofficials, and also makes it more difficult for us to enforce our contracts. Insome cases these risks can be partially offset by agreements to arbitratedisputes in an international forum, but the adequacy of this remedy may stilldepend on the local legal system to enforce an award. 2 2 2    Regulatory and litigation risks. Even in countries with well-developed legalsystems where ExxonMobil does business, we remain exposed to changes in law(including changes that result from international treaties and accords) thatcould adversely affect our results, such as:  ·   increases in taxes, duties, or government royalty  rates (including retroactive claims); ·   price controls; ·   changes in environmental regulations or other laws  that increase our cost of compliance or reduce or delay available business  opportunities (including changes in laws related to offshore drilling  operations, water use, methane emissions, or hydraulic fracturing); ·   adoption of regulations mandating the use of  alternative fuels or uncompetitive fuel components; ·   adoption of government payment transparency  regulations that could require us to disclose competitively sensitive  commercial information, or that could cause us to violate the non-disclosure  laws of other countries; and ·   government actions to cancel contracts,  re-denominate the official currency, renounce or default on obligations,  renegotiate terms unilaterally, or expropriate assets. Legal remedies available to compensate us forexpropriation or other takings may be inadequate. We also may be adversely affected by the outcome oflitigation, especially in countries such as the United States in which verylarge and unpredictable punitive damage awards may occur, or by governmentenforcement proceedings alleging non-compliance with applicable laws orregulations. Security concerns. Successful operation of particular facilities or projects may bedisrupted by civil unrest, acts of sabotage or terrorism, and other localsecurity concerns. Such concerns may require us to incur greater costs forsecurity or to shut down operations for a period of time. Climate change and greenhouse gas restrictions. Due to concern over the risk of climate change, anumber of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of,regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. These includeadoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting,increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewableenergy. These requirements could make our products more expensive, lengthenproject implementation times, and reduce demand for hydrocarbons, as well asshift hydrocarbon demand toward relatively lower-carbon sources such as naturalgas. Current and pending greenhouse gas regulations may also increase ourcompliance costs, such as for monitoring or sequestering emissions. Government sponsorship of alternative energy. Many governments are providing tax advantages and othersubsidies to support alternative energy sources or are mandating the use ofspecific fuels or technologies. Governments and others are also promotingresearch into new technologies to reduce the cost and increase the scalabilityof alternative energy sources. We are conducting our own research both in-houseand by working with more than 80 leading universities around the world,including the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Princeton University, theUniversity of Texas, and Stanford University. Our research projects focus ondeveloping algae-based biofuels, carbon capture and storage, breakthroughenergy efficiency processes, advanced energy-saving materials and othertechnologies. For example, ExxonMobil is working with Fuel Cell Energy Inc. to exploreusing carbonate fuel cells to economically capture CO2 emissionsfrom gas-fired power plants. Our future results may depend in part on thesuccess of our research efforts and on our ability to adapt and apply thestrengths of our current business model to providing the energy products of thefuture in a cost-competitive manner. See “Management Effectiveness” below.  Management Effectiveness In addition to external economic and politicalfactors, our future business results also depend on our ability to managesuccessfully those factors that are at least in part within our control. Theextent to which we manage these factors will impact our performance relative tocompetition. For projects in which we are not the operator, we depend on the managementeffectiveness of one or more co-venturers whom we do not control. Exploration and development program. Our ability to maintain and grow our oil and gasproduction depends on the success of our exploration and development efforts.Among other factors, we must continuously improve our ability to identify themost promising resource prospects and apply our project management expertise tobring discovered resources on line as scheduled and within budget. Project management. The success of ExxonMobil’s Upstream, Downstream, and Chemical businessesdepends on complex, long-term, capital intensive projects. These projectsin turn require a high degree of project management expertise to maximizeefficiency. Specific factors that can affect the performance of major projectsinclude our ability to: negotiate successfully with joint venturers, partners,governments, suppliers, customers, or others; model and optimize reservoirperformance; develop markets for project outputs, whether through long-termcontracts or the development of effective spot markets; manage changes inoperating conditions and costs, including costs of third party equipment orservices such as drilling rigs and shipping; prevent, to the extent possible,and respond effectively to unforeseen technical difficulties that could delayproject startup or cause unscheduled project downtime; and influence theperformance of project operators where ExxonMobil does not perform that role. 3 3 3    The term “project” as used in this report can refer toa variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the samemeaning as in any government payment transparency reports. Operational efficiency. An important component of ExxonMobil’s competitiveperformance, especially given the commodity-based nature of many of ourbusinesses, is our ability to operate efficiently, including our ability tomanage expenses and improve production yields on an ongoing basis. Thisrequires continuous management focus, including technology improvements, costcontrol, productivity enhancements, regular reappraisal of our asset portfolio,and the recruitment, development, and retention of high caliber employees. Research and development. To maintain our competitive position, especially inlight of the technological nature of our businesses and the need for continuousefficiency improvement, ExxonMobil’s research and development organizationsmust be successful and able to adapt to a changing market and policyenvironment, including developing technologies to help reduce greenhouse gasemissions. Safety, business controls, and environmental riskmanagement. Our results depend onmanagement’s ability to minimize the inherent risks of oil, gas, andpetrochemical operations, to control effectively our business activities, andto minimize the potential for human error. We apply rigorous management systemsand continuous focus to workplace safety and to avoiding spills or otheradverse environmental events. For example, we work to minimize spills through acombined program of effective operations integrity management, ongoingupgrades, key equipment replacements, and comprehensive inspection andsurveillance. Similarly, we are implementing cost-effective new technologiesand adopting new operating practices to reduce air emissions, not only inresponse to government requirements but also to address community priorities.We also maintain a disciplined framework of internal controls and apply acontrols management system for monitoring compliance with this framework.Substantial liabilities and other adverse impacts could result if ourmanagement systems and controls do not function as intended. The ability toinsure against such risks is limited by the capacity of the applicableinsurance markets, which may not be sufficient. Business risks also include the risk of cybersecuritybreaches. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove notto be sufficient, ExxonMobil could be adversely affected such as by having itsbusiness systems compromised, its proprietary information altered, lost orstolen, or its business operations disrupted. Preparedness. Our operations may be disrupted by severe weather events, natural disasters,human error, and similar events. For example, hurricanes may damage ouroffshore production facilities or coastal refining and petrochemical plants invulnerable areas. Our facilities are designed, constructed, and operated towithstand a variety of extreme climatic and other conditions, with safetyfactors built in to cover a number of engineering uncertainties, includingthose associated with wave, wind, and current intensity, marine ice flowpatterns, permafrost stability, storm surge magnitude, temperature extremes,extreme rain fall events, and earthquakes. Our consideration of changingweather conditions and inclusion of safety factors in design covers theengineering uncertainties that climate change and other events may potentiallyintroduce. Our ability to mitigate the adverse impacts of these events dependsin part upon the effectiveness of our robust facility engineering as well asour rigorous disaster preparedness and response and business continuityplanning. Projections, estimates, and descriptions ofExxonMobil’s plans and objectives included or incorporated in Items 1, 1A, 2, 7and 7A of this report are forward-looking statements. Actual future results,including project completion dates, production rates, capital expenditures, costs,and business plans could differ materially due to, among other things, thefactors discussed above and elsewhere in this report.   ITEM 1B.\""
