[1] "[1] \"Item 1A. Risk Factors for further discussion on the risks associated with the sourcing of our raw materials. License & Collaboration Agreements and Acquisitions We continue to seek to enhance our product line and develop a balanced portfolio of differentiated products through product acquisitions and in-licensing, or acquiring licenses to products, compounds and technologies from third parties. The Company enters into strategic alliances and collaborative arrangements with third parties, which give the Company rights to develop, manufacture, market and/or sell pharmaceutical products, the rights to which are primarily owned by these third parties. These alliances and arrangements can take many forms, including licensing arrangements, co-development and co-marketing agreements, co-promotion arrangements, research collaborations and joint ventures. Such alliances and arrangements enable us to share the risk of incurring all research and development expenses that do not lead to revenue-generating products; however, because profits from alliance products are shared with the counter-parties to the collaborative arrangement, the gross margins on alliance products are generally lower, sometimes substantially so, than the gross margins that could be achieved had the Company not opted for a development partner. For a discussion of material agreements and acquisitions, including agreement terms and status, see our disclosures in Note 5. Acquisitions and Note 11. License and Collaboration Agreements in the Consolidated Financial Statements , included in Part IV, Item 15 of this report \\\"Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules\\\" . 15 Table of Contents Environmental Matters Our operations are subject to substantial federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other matters, the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of, and exposure to, hazardous substances. Violation of these laws and regulations, which frequently change, can lead to substantial fines and penalties. Many of our operations require environmental permits and controls to prevent and limit pollution of the environment. We believe that our facilities and the facilities of our third party service providers are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and we do not believe that future compliance will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Employees As of February 20, 2018 , we have 3,039 employees, of which 484 are engaged in research and development and regulatory work, 398 in sales and marketing, 1,087 in manufacturing, 558 in quality assurance and 512 in general and administrative capacities. Our employees are generally not represented by unions, with the exception of certain production personnel in our Rochester, Michigan manufacturing facility. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. Executive Officers of the Registrant The following table sets forth information as of February 27, 2018 regarding each of our current executive officers: Name  Age  Position and Offices Paul V. Campanelli  55  President and Chief Executive Officer and Director Blaise Coleman  44  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Terrance J. Coughlin  52  Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer Tony Pera  60  President, Par Pharmaceutical Matthew J. Maletta  46  Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer Patrick Barry  50  Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer Biographies Our executive officers are briefly described below: PAUL V. CAMPANELLI, 55 , was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director effective September 23, 2016. Mr. Campanelli joined Endo in 2015 as the President of Par Pharmaceutical, leading Endo’s fully integrated U.S. Generics business, following Endo’s acquisition of Par Pharmaceutical. Prior to joining Endo, he had served as Chief Executive Officer of Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc. following the company’s September 2012 acquisition by TPG. Prior to the TPG acquisition, Mr. Campanelli served as Chief Operating Officer and President of Par Pharmaceutical, Inc. from 2011 to 2012. At Par Pharmaceutical Inc., Mr. Campanelli had also served as Senior Vice President, Business Development & Licensing; Executive Vice President and President of Par Pharmaceutical, Inc.; and was named a Corporate Officer by its board of directors. He also served on the board of directors of Sky Growth Holdings Corporation from 2012 until 2015. Mr. Campanelli joined Par Pharmaceutical Companies Inc. in 2001. Prior to joining Par Pharmaceutical Companies Inc., Mr. Campanelli served as Vice President, Business Development at Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd. where he was employed from 1992 to 2001. Mr. Campanelli earned his Bachelor of Science degree from Springfield College. BLAISE COLEMAN, 44 , was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective December 19, 2016. Mr. Coleman was serving as Endo's Interim Chief Financial Officer since November 22, 2016. He joined Endo in January 2015 as Vice President of Corporate Financial Planning & Analysis, and was then promoted to Senior Vice President, Global Finance Operations in November 2015. Prior to joining Endo, Mr. Coleman held a number of finance leadership roles with AstraZeneca, a global biopharmaceutical company, most recently as the Chief Financial Officer of the AstraZeneca/Bristol-Myers Squibb US Diabetes Alliance from January 2013 until January 2015. Prior to that, he was the Head of Finance for the AstraZeneca Global Medicines Development organization based in Mölndal, Sweden from September 2011 to January 2013. Mr. Coleman joined AstraZeneca as Senior Director Commercial Finance for the US Cardiovascular Business in November 2007. He joined AstraZeneca from Centocor, a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, where he held positions in both the Licenses & Acquisitions and Commercial Finance organizations. Mr. Coleman’s move to Centocor in early 2003 followed 7 years’ experience with the global public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Coleman is a Certified Public Accountant; he holds a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Widener University and an M.B.A. from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University. 16 Table of Contents TERRANCE J. COUGHLIN, 52 , was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer effective November 1, 2016. In this role, Mr. Coughlin has responsibility for Manufacturing and Technical Operations and R&D across the enterprise. Most recently, Mr. Coughlin served as Vice President, Operations of Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc., a subsidiary of Endo. Prior to Endo’s acquisition of Par in September 2015, Mr. Coughlin was the Chief Operating Officer of Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc. Prior to joining Par, Mr. Coughlin held a number of leadership roles with Glenmark Generics, Inc. USA/Glenmark Generics Limited latterly as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Glenmark Generics, Inc. USA/Glenmark Generics Limited. Prior to this, Mr. Coughlin had the overall responsibility for Glenmark’s North American, Western European and Eastern European generics businesses, as well as its global active pharmaceutical ingredient business and generics operations in India. Prior to joining Glenmark, Mr. Coughlin served as Senior Vice President at Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, Inc. Mr. Coughlin began his career in 1988 with Wyckoff Chemical Company, Inc. Mr. Coughlin earned a B.S. in chemistry from Central Michigan University. TONY PERA, 60 , was named President, Par Pharmaceutical effective November 1, 2016. In this role, Mr. Pera leads Endo’s U.S. Generics business including responsibility and oversight of Par Generic and Par Sterile sales teams, as well as Par’s marketing & business analytics group. Most recently, Mr. Pera served as Chief Commercial Officer of Par Pharmaceutical. He joined Par in February 2014 as part of Par’s acquisition of JHP Pharmaceutical, where he held a similar position. As Chief Commercial Officer, Mr. Pera was responsible for all sales, marketing, pricing and customer operations functions for Par. Prior to JHP and Par, Mr. Pera was Senior Vice President of Supply Chain Management for AmerisourceBergen (ABC), a major U.S. pharmaceutical wholesaler, for approximately five years. Prior to ABC, he held numerous senior leadership positions with generic drug companies including APP (now Fresenius Kabi), Bedford Laboratories and LyphoMed. Mr. Pera started his career as a sales representative for the parenteral products division of Baxter. Mr. Pera holds a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of Illinois in Champaign and an M.B.A. from DePaul University. MATTHEW J. MALETTA, 46 , was appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer effective May 4, 2015. Prior to joining Endo, Mr. Maletta served as Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Allergan, Inc. In this position, he served as an advisor to the CEO and Board of Directors and supervised several large M&A transactions and takeover defense activities, including Allergan’s acquisition of Inamed and Actavis’ acquisition of Allergan. Mr. Maletta first joined Allergan in 2002 as Corporate Counsel and Assistant Secretary and during his tenure, held various roles of increased responsibility. Prior to joining Allergan, Mr. Maletta was in private practice, focusing on general corporate matters, finance, governance, securities and transactions. He holds a B.A. degree in political science from the University of Minnesota, summa cum laude, and a J.D. degree, cum laude, from the University of Minnesota Law School. PATRICK BARRY, 50 , was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer effective February 26, 2018. In this role, he has responsibility for all commercial activities for U.S. Branded Pharmaceuticals, including strategy, new product planning, marketing, sales as well as managed care and patient access responsibilities. Mr. Barry joined Endo in December 2016 as Senior Vice President, U.S. Branded Pharmaceuticals. Prior to joining Endo, Mr. Barry worked at Sanofi S.A. from April 1992 until December 2016, holding roles of increasing responsibility in areas such as Sales Leadership, Commercial Operations, Marketing, Launch Planning and Training and Leadership Development. Most recently, he served at Sanofi S.A. as its General Manager and Head of North America General Medicines starting in September 2015 and as Vice President and Head of U.S. Specialty from April 2014 until August 2015. During this time, Mr. Barry oversaw three complex and diverse businesses with responsibility for leading sales and marketing activities for branded and generic products across the U.S. and Canada. He has a diverse therapeutic experience including aesthetics and dermatology, oncology, urology, orthopedics and medical device and surgical experience. He has an M.B.A. from Cornell University, Johnson School of Management and a B.A. in Public Relations and Marketing from McKendree University. We have employment agreements with each of our executive officers. Available Information Our internet address is www.endo.com. The contents of our website are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our internet address is included in this document as an inactive textual reference only. We make our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish such reports to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. You may also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room that is located at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549. Information about the operation of the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 or 1-202-551-8090. You can also access our filings through the SEC’s internet site: www.sec.gov (intended to be an inactive textual reference only). You may also access copies of the Company’s filings with the Canadian Securities Administrators on SEDAR through their internet site: www.sedar.com (intended to be an inactive textual reference only). 17 Table of Contents Item 1A.\""
