[1] "[1] \"Item 1A. Risk Factors We operate in a rapidly changingenvironment that involves certain risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to beimmaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. Our revenue and quarterlyresults may fluctuate, which could adversely affect our stock price. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, significant fluctuations in our quarterly operating results that may be caused by many factors. These factorsinclude:  <U+0095>  changes in demand for our products;  <U+0095>  introduction, enhancement or announcement of products by us or our competitors;  <U+0095>  market acceptance of our new products;  <U+0095>  the growth rates of certain market segments in which we compete;  <U+0095>  size and timing of significant orders;  <U+0095>  budgeting cycles of customers;  <U+0095>  mix of distribution channels;  <U+0095>  mix of products and services sold;  <U+0095>  mix of international and North American revenues;  <U+0095>  fluctuations in currency exchange rates;  <U+0095>  changes in the level of operating expenses;  <U+0095>  the amount of our stock-based compensation;  <U+0095>  changes in management;  <U+0095>  restructuring programs;  <U+0095>  reorganizations of our sales force;  <U+0095>  completion or announcement of acquisitions by us or our competitors;  <U+0095>  customer order deferrals in anticipation of new products announced by us or our competitors; and  <U+0095>  general economic conditions in regions in which we conduct business. Revenue forecasting is uncertain, and the failure to meet our forecasts could result in a decline in our stock price. Our revenues, particularly new software license revenues, are difficultto forecast. We use a pipeline system to forecast revenues and trends in our business. We monitor the status of potential business and estimate when a customer will make a purchase decision, the dollar amount of the sale and the products or servicesto be sold. These estimates are aggregated periodically to generate the pipeline. Our pipeline estimates may prove to be unreliable either in a particular quarter or over a longer period of time, in part because the conversion rate of the pipelineinto contracts can be difficult to estimate and requires management judgment. A variation in the conversion rate could cause us to plan or budget incorrectly and materially adversely impact our business or our planned results of operations.Furthermore, most of our expenses are relatively fixed, including costs of personnel and facilities, and are not easily reduced. Thus, an unexpected reduction in our revenue, or failure to achieve the anticipated rate of growth, would have amaterial adverse effect on our profitability. If our operating results do not meet our publicly stated guidance, if any, or the expectations of investors, our stock price may decline.  10 Weakness in the U.S. and international economies may result in fewer sales of our products and mayotherwise harm our business. We are subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in global economic conditions, especially those in the U.S., Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. The past three years have been characterized by weakglobal economic conditions, tightening of credit markets and instability in the financial markets. If these conditions continue or worsen, customers may delay, reduce or forego technology purchases, both directly and through our application partnersand OEMs. This could result in reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. Further, deteriorating economic conditions could adversely affect our customers and theirability to pay amounts owed to us. Any of these events would likely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our international operations expose us to additional risks, and changes in global economic and political conditions could adversely affect ourinternational operations, our revenue and our net income. In the past few fiscal years, we have generated between 50% and 60% of our total revenue from sales outside North America. Political instability,oil price shocks and armed conflict in various regions of the world can lead to economic uncertainty and may adversely impact our business. If customers<U+0092> buying patterns, decision-making processes, timing of expected deliveries and timingof new projects unfavorably change due to economic or political conditions, there would be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Other potential risks inherent in our international business include:  <U+0095>  longer payment cycles;  <U+0095>  credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud;  <U+0095>  greater difficulties in accounts receivable collection;  <U+0095>  varying regulatory requirements;  <U+0095>  compliance with international and local trade, labor and export control laws;  <U+0095>  compliance with U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws prohibiting bribery and corrupt payments to government officials;  <U+0095>  restrictions on the transfer of funds;  <U+0095>  difficulties in developing, staffing, and simultaneously managing a large number of varying foreign operations as a result of distance, language, andcultural differences;  <U+0095>  reduced or minimal protection of intellectual property rights in some countries;  <U+0095>  laws and business practices that favor local competitors or prohibit foreign ownership of certain businesses;  <U+0095>  seasonal reductions in business activity during the summer months in Europe and certain other parts of the world;  <U+0095>  economic instability in emerging markets; and  <U+0095>  potentially adverse tax consequences. Any one or more of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our international operations, and, consequently, on our business, financial condition and operating results. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Changesin the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. We seek to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates by entering into foreign exchange option andforward contracts to hedge certain actual and forecasted transactions of selected currencies (mainly in Europe, Brazil, Japan and Australia). Our currency hedging transactions may not be effective in reducing any adverse impact of fluctuations inforeign currency exchange rates. Further, the imposition of exchange or price controls or other restrictions on the conversion of foreign currencies could have a material adverse effect on our business. Technology and customer requirements evolve rapidly in our industry, and if we do not continue to develop new products and enhance our existingproducts in response to these changes, our business could be harmed. Ongoing enhancements to our product sets will be required to enable us to maintain our competitive position. We may not be successful in developing and marketingenhancements to our products on a timely basis, and any enhancements we develop may not adequately address the changing needs of the marketplace. Overlaying the risks associated with our existing products and enhancements are ongoing technologicaldevelopments and rapid changes in customer requirements. Our future success will depend upon our ability to develop and introduce in a timely manner new products that take advantage of technological advances and respond to new customer requirements.The development of new products is increasingly complex and uncertain, which increases the risk of delays. We may not be successful in developing new products incorporating new technology on a timely basis, and any new products may not adequatelyaddress the changing needs of the marketplace. Failure to develop new products and product enhancements that meet market needs in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. We are substantially dependent on our Progress OpenEdge products. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from softwarelicense and maintenance revenue attributable to our Progress OpenEdge product set. Accordingly, our future results depend on continued market acceptance of OpenEdge. If new technologies emerge that are superior to, or more responsive to customerrequirements, than OpenEdge such that we are unable to maintain OpenEdge<U+0092>s competitive position within its marketplace, this will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Our newest product initiative, the Progress RPM suite, may not generate the revenues we expect. During 2010, we announced anew product initiative, the Progress RPM suite, which is designed to enable businesses to gain visibility into  11 critical processes, immediately respond to events and continuously improve business performance. We believe Progress RPM will enhance our competitiveness within our markets and our long-termgrowth prospects. If we are not successful in the execution of this new product initiative or if the customer demand for Progress RPM is not as we expect, our revenue growth will be adversely impacted. We are investing heavily in sales and professional services in anticipation of a continued increase in license arrangements, and we may experiencedecreased profitability or losses if we are unsuccessful in increasing the value of our license arrangements in the future. We have been increasing our investment in sales and marketing to meet increasing demand by hiring additionalsales and services personnel. We anticipate that we will need to provide our customers with more professional services, training, and maintenance particularly with respect to our newest product initiative, the Progress RPM suite. These investmentshave resulted in increased fixed costs that do not vary with the level of revenue. If the increased demand for our products does not continue, we could experience decreased profitability or losses as a result of these increased fixed costs. We expect to make additional acquisitions or investments in new businesses, products or technologies that involve additionalrisks, which could disrupt our business or harm our financial condition or results of operations. As part of our business strategy, we have made, and expect to continue to make, acquisitions of businesses or investments in companies thatoffer complementary products, services and technologies. If we are unable to identify and complete such acquisitions, we may not achieve our revenue or earnings targets. Any acquisitions that we do complete involve a number of risks, including therisks of assimilating the operations and personnel of acquired companies, realizing the value of the acquired assets relative to the price paid, distraction of management from our ongoing businesses and potential product disruptions associated withthe sale of the acquired company<U+0092>s products. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. The consideration we pay for any future acquisitions could include our stock. As aresult, future acquisitions could cause dilution to existing shareholders and to earnings per share. The segments of the softwareindustry in which we participate are intensely competitive, and our inability to compete effectively would harm our business. We experience significant competition from a variety of sources with respect to the marketing and distribution ofour products. Many of our competitors have greater financial, marketing or technical resources than we do and may be able to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements or to devote greater resources tothe promotion and sale of their products than we can. Increased competition could make it more difficult for us to maintain our market presence or lead to downward pricing pressure. In addition, the marketplace for new products is intensely competitive and characterized by low barriers to entry. For example, an increase in market acceptance of open source software may cause downwardpricing pressures. As a result, new competitors possessing technological, marketing or other competitive advantages may emerge and rapidly acquire market share. In addition, current and potential competitors may make strategic acquisitions orestablish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties, thereby increasing their ability to deliver products that better address the needs of our prospective customers. Current and potential competitors also may be moresuccessful than we are in having their products or technologies widely accepted. We may be unable to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business,prospects, financial condition and operating results. We rely on the experience and expertise of our skilled employees, and mustcontinue to attract and retain qualified technical, marketing and managerial personnel in order to succeed. Our future success will depend in a large part upon our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, sales andmarketing personnel. There is significant competition for such personnel in the software industry. We may not continue to be successful in attracting and retaining the personnel we require to develop new and enhanced products and to continue to growand operate profitably. If our products contain software defects or security flaws, it could harm our revenues and expose us tolitigation. Our products are complex to develop and, despite extensive testing and quality control, may contain defects or security flaws, especially when we first introduce them or when new versions are released. We may need to issuecorrective releases of our software products to fix any defects or errors. The detection and correction of any security flaws can be time consuming and costly. Errors in our software products could affect the ability of our products to work withother hardware or software products, could delay the development or release of new products or new versions of products and could adversely affect market acceptance of our products and could expose us to potential litigation. If we experience errorsor delays in releasing new products or new versions of products, such errors or delays could have a material adverse effect on our revenue. We recognize a substantial portion of our revenue from sales made through third parties, including our application partners and OEMs, and adversedevelopments in the businesses of these third parties or in our relationships with them could harm our revenues and results of operations. Our future results depend upon our continued successful distribution of our products through ourapplication partner and OEM channels. Application partners utilize our technology to create their applications and  12 resell our products along with their own applications. OEMs embed our products within their software products or technology devices. The activities of these third parties are not within ourdirect control. Our failure to manage our relationships with these third parties effectively could impair the success of our sales, marketing and support activities. A reduction in the sales efforts, technical capabilities or financial viability ofthese parties, a misalignment of interest between us and them, or a termination of our relationship with a major application partner or OEM could have a negative effect on our sales and financial results. Any adverse effect on the applicationpartners<U+0092> or OEMs<U+0092> businesses related to competition, pricing and other factors could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. We could incur substantial cost in protecting our proprietary software technology or fail to protect our technology, which would harm our business. We rely principally on a combination ofcontract provisions and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to protect our proprietary technology. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtainand use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our products is difficult. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine thevalidity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. This litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, whether or not we ultimately prevail on the merits. The steps we take to protect our proprietary rights may beinadequate to prevent misappropriation of our technology; moreover, others could independently develop similar technology. We could besubject to claims that we infringe intellectual property rights of others, which could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. Third parties could assert infringement claims in the future with respect to our productsand technology, and such claims might be successful. This litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, whether or not we ultimately prevail on the merits. This litigation could also lead to our being prohibited fromselling one or more of our products, cause reluctance by potential customers to purchase our products, or result in liability to our customers and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. If our security measures are breached, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stopusing our products and services, and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure. Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of our customers<U+0092> proprietary information, and security breaches couldexpose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation, and potential liability. Our security measures may be breached due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, malfeasance, or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized party mayobtain access to our data or our customers<U+0092> data. Any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, increased costs to defend litigation or damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in thesecurity of our products and services that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are notrecognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of oursecurity measures could be harmed and we could lose customers. The loss of technology licensed from third parties could adverselyaffect our ability to deliver our products. We utilize certain technology that we license from third parties, including software that is integrated with internally developed software and used in our products to perform key functions. Thistechnology, or functionally similar technology, may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms in the future, or at all. The loss of any significant third-party technology license could cause delays in our ability to deliver ourproducts or services until equivalent technology is developed internally or equivalent third-party technology, if available, is identified, licensed and integrated. The use of open source software in our products may expose us to additional risks. We license certain open source software pursuant to license agreements that require a userwho distributes the open source software as a component of the user<U+0092>s software to disclose publicly part or all of the source code to the user<U+0092>s software. This effectively renders what was previously proprietary software open sourcesoftware. Many features we may wish to add to our products in the future may be available as open source software and our development team may wish to make use of this software to reduce development costs and speed up the development process. Whilewe carefully monitor the use of all open source software and try to ensure that no open source software is used in such a way as to require us to disclose the source code to the related product, such use could inadvertently occur. Additionally, if athird party has incorporated certain types of open source software into its software but has failed to disclose the presence of such open source software and we embed that third party software into one or more of our products, we could, undercertain circumstances, be required to disclose the source code to our product. This could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities. As a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgmentis required in determining our global provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. In the ordinary course of a global business, there are many intercompany transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Ourincome tax returns are routinely subject to audits by tax authorities. Although we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine our tax estimates, a final determination of tax audits or taxdisputes could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We are also subject to non-income taxes, such aspayroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities with respect to these non-income taxes and may have exposure toadditional non-income tax liabilities which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition,our future effective tax rates could be favorably or unfavorably affected by changes in tax rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. Such changes could have a materialadverse impact on our financial results.  13 We are required to comply with certain financial and operating covenants under our credit facility andany failure to comply with those covenants could cause amounts borrowed under the facility to become immediately due and payable or prevent us from borrowing under the facility. Under the terms of our credit facility, we may borrow up to$150.0 million (with an accordion feature that allows us to borrow up to an additional $75.0 million if the existing or additional lenders agree), repay the same in whole or in part and re-borrow at any time through August 15, 2016, at whichtime any amounts outstanding will be due and payable in full. As of November 30, 2011, there were no amounts outstanding under the revolving line and $0.2 million of letters of credit. We may wish to borrow amounts under the facility in thefuture to support our operations, including for strategic acquisitions. We are required to comply with specified financial and operatingcovenants, which may limit our ability to operate our business as we otherwise might operate it. Our failure to comply with any of these covenants or to meet any payment obligations under the facility could result in an event of default which, ifnot cured or waived, would result in any amounts outstanding, including any accrued interest and unpaid fees, becoming immediately due and payable. We might not have sufficient working capital or liquidity to satisfy any repayment obligations in theevent of an acceleration of those obligations. In addition, if we are not in compliance with the financial and operating covenants at the time we wish to borrow funds, we will be unable to borrow funds. Our common stock price may continue to be volatile, which could result in losses for investors. The market price of our common stock, likethat of other technology companies, is volatile and is subject to wide fluctuations in response to quarterly variations in operating results, announcements of technological innovations or new products by us or our competitors, changes in financialestimates by securities analysts or other events or factors. Our stock price may also be affected by broader market trends unrelated to our performance. As a result, purchasers of our common stock may be unable at any given time to sell their sharesat or above the price they paid for them. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments\""
