[1] "[1] \"Item 1A. Risk    Factors. We may    be more sensitive to revenue fluctuations than other companies,    which could result in fluctuations in the market price of our    common stock. Payments    on accounts receivable may be slower than expected, or amounts    due on receivables or notes may not be fully    collectible. We are    dependent on the services of our executive officers and other    key employees, the loss of any of whom may have a material    adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results    of operations. Restrictions    imposed by independence requirements and conflict of interest    rules may limit our ability to provide services to clients of    the attest firms with which we have contractual relationships    and the ability of such attest firms to provide attestation    services to our clients. Our    goodwill and intangible assets could become impaired, which    could lead to material non-cash charges against    earnings. Certain    liabilities resulting from acquisitions are estimated and could    lead to a material impact on earnings. Governmental    regulations and interpretations are subject to    changes. Changes    in the United States healthcare environment, including new    health care legislation, may adversely affect the revenue and    margins in our medical management and healthcare benefit    businesses. and/or We are    subject to risks relating to processing customer transactions    for our payroll, medical practice management, and other    transaction processing businesses. We are    subject to risk as it relates to software that we license from    third parties. We    could be held liable for errors and omissions. We    invested in auction rate securities which are subject to risks    that may cause losses and affect our liquidity. We    have shares eligible for future sale that could adversely affect    the price of our common stock. lock-up Form S-3 Our    principal stockholders may have substantial control over our    operations. Rule 13d-3 We    require a significant amount of cash for interest payments on    our debt and to expand our business as planned. Terms    of our credit facility may adversely affect our ability to run    our business. Our    failure to satisfy covenants in our debt instruments will cause    a default under those instruments. We are    reliant on information processing systems. We may    not be able to acquire and finance additional businesses which    may limit our ability to pursue our business    strategy. The    business services industry is competitive and fragmented. If we    are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial    condition and results of operations may be negatively    impacted. Item 1B.\""
