[1] "[1] \"Item 1a.  riskfactors riskfactors RisksRelated to Our Business TheUnited States economy is in recession. A prolonged economic downturn, especiallyone affecting our geographic market area, could materially affect our businessand financial results. TheUnited States economy entered a recession in the fourth quarter of2007.  Throughout the course of 2008 and into 2009, economicconditions continued to worsen, due in large part to the fallout from thecollapse of the sub-prime mortgage market. Unemployment remains at very highlevels and is not expected to improve in the near future.  Our lendingbusiness is tied, in large part, to the housing market and real estate marketsin general.  The continuing housing slump has resulted in reduceddemand for the construction of new housing, declines in home prices, and couldultimately result in increased delinquencies on our residential, commercial,multi-family and construction mortgage loans. Further, the ongoing concern aboutthe stability of the financial markets in general has caused many lenders toreduce or cease providing funding to borrowers. These conditions may also causea further reduction in loan demand, and increases in our non-performing assets,net charge-offs and provisions for loan losses.  Continued negativedevelopments in the financial services industry and the domestic andinternational credit markets may significantly affect the markets in which we dobusiness, the market for and value of our loans and investments, and our ongoingoperations, costs and profitability.  Moreover, continued declines inthe stock market in general, or stock values of financial institutions and theirholding companies specifically, could adversely affect our stockperformance. TheFederal Deposit Insurance Corporation actions to recapitalize the DepositInsurance Fund could hurt our profits. On May22, 2009, the FDIC adopted a final rule levying a five basis point specialassessment on each insured depository institution's assets minus Tier 1 capitalas of September 30, 2009.  The special assessment was paid onSeptember 30, 2009.  We recorded an expense of $502,000 during thequarter ended June 30, 2009, to reflect the special assessment.  Thefinal rule permitted the FDIC’s Board of Directors to levy up to two additionalspecial assessments of up to five basis points each during 2009 if the FDICestimated that the Deposit Insurance Fund reserve ratio will fall to a levelthat the FDIC’s Board of Directors believes would adversely affect publicconfidence or to a level that will be close to or belowzero.  Although there were no further special assessments in 2009, anysuch action by the FDIC in the future will be recorded as an expense during theappropriate period. TheFederal Deposit Insurance Corporation also adopted a rule pursuant to which allinsured depository institutions prepaid on December 30, 2009 their estimatedassessments for all of 2010, 2011 and 2012.  The assessment rate forthe fourth quarter of 2009 and for 2010 is based on eachinstitution’s  25 Table of Contents totalbase assessment rate for the third quarter of 2009, modified to assume that theassessment rate in effect on September 30, 2009 had been in effect for theentire third quarter, and the assessment rate for 2011 and 2012 will be equal tothe modified third quarter assessment rate plus an additional three basispoints.  In addition, each institution’s base assessment rate for eachperiod will be calculated using its third quarter assessment base, adjustedquarterly for an estimated 5% annual growth rate in the assessment base throughthe end of 2012.  We recorded the pre-payment as a prepaid expense,which will be amortized to expense over three years.  Based on ourdeposits and assessment rate as of September 30, 2009, our prepayment amount was$5.1 million which was paid during the quarter ended December 31,2009. Ouremphasis on commercial real estate, multi-family, commercial business andconstruction lending involves risks. In recent years, the Company hasfocused on shifting its asset mix to reduce the one- to four-family residentialloan portfolio and increase commercial real estate, multi-family, commercialbusiness and construction loans.  As of December 31, 2009, ourcommercial real estate, multi-family, commercial business and construction loanstotaled $516.2 million, or 62.7% of our loan portfolio.  As a result,our credit risk profile is higher than traditional savings institutions thathave higher concentrations of one- to four-family residentialloans.  Also, these types of commercial lending activities, whilepotentially more profitable than one- to four-family residential lending, aregenerally more sensitive to regional and local economic conditions, making losslevels more difficult to predict.  Collateral evaluation and financialstatement analysis in these types of loans requires a more detailed analysis atthe time of loan underwriting and on an ongoing basis.  A further declinein real estate values would reduce the value of the real estate collateralsecuring our loans and increase the risk that we would incur losses if borrowersdefaulted on their loans.  In addition, the repayment of commercial realestate and multi-family loans generally is dependent, in large part, on thesuccessful operation of the property securing the loan or the business conductedon the property securing the loan.  In addition, loan balances forcommercial real estate, multi-family and construction loans are typically largerthan those for permanent single-family and consumer loans.  Accordingly,when there are defaults and losses on these types of loans, they are oftenlarger on a per loan basis than those for permanent one- to four-familyresidential and consumer loans.  Commercial business loans expose us toadditional risks since they typically are made on the basis of the borrower’sability to make repayments from the cash flow of the borrower’s business and aresecured by non-real estate collateral that may depreciate overtime.  A secondary market for most types of commercial real estate,multi-family, commercial business and construction loans is not readily liquid,so we have less opportunity to mitigate credit risk by selling part or all ofour interest in these loans.  Our construction loans are based uponestimates of costs and values associated with the completed project.  Theseestimates may be inaccurate.  Construction lending involves additionalrisks when compared with permanent residential lending because funds areadvanced upon the security of the project, which is of uncertain value prior toits completion.  Because of the uncertainties inherent in estimatingconstruction costs, as well as the market value of the completed project and theeffects of governmental regulation of real property, it is relatively difficultto evaluate accurately the total funds required to complete a project and therelated loan-to-value ratio.  This type of lending also typically involveshigher loan principal amounts and is often concentrated with a small number ofbuilders.  In addition, generally during the term of a construction loan,interest may be funded by the borrower or disbursed from an interest reserve setaside from the construction loan budget.  These loans often involve thedisbursement of substantial funds with repayment substantially dependent on thesuccess of the ultimate project and the ability of the borrower to sell or leasethe property or obtain permanent take-out financing, rather than the ability ofthe borrower or guarantor to repay principal and interest.  If ourappraisal of the value of a completed project proves to be overstated, we mayhave inadequate security for the repayment of the loan upon completion ofconstruction of the project and may incur a loss.  A “discounted cashflow analysis” is utilized for determining the value of any construction projectof five or more units.  Our ability to continue to originate a significantamount of construction loans is dependent on the recovery of the strength of thehousing market in our market areas.   The credit risk related to commercialreal estate and multi-family loans is considered to be greater than the riskrelated to one- to four-family residential or consumer loans because therepayment of commercial real estate loans and multi-family typically isdependent on the income stream of the real estate securing the loan ascollateral and the successful operation of the borrower’s business, which can besignificantly affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in theeconomy.  For example, if the cash flow from the borrower’s project isreduced as a result of leases not being obtained or renewed, the borrower’sability to repay the loan may be impaired.  In addition, some of ourcommercial real estate loans are not fully amortizing and contain large balloonpayments upon maturity.  These balloon payments may require the borrower toeither sell or refinance the underlying property in order to make the balloonpayment.   26 Table of Contents Further, if we foreclose on acommercial real estate and multi-family or construction loan, our holding periodfor the collateral may be longer than for one- to four-family residentialmortgage loans because there are fewer potential purchasers of thecollateral.  These loans also generally have relatively large balances tosingle borrowers or related groups of borrowers.  Accordingly, if we makeany errors in judgment in the collectibility of our commercial real estateloans, any resulting charge-offs may be larger on a per loan basis than thoseincurred with our residential or consumer loan portfolios.  TheCompany’s recent business acquisition could have an impact on our earnings andresults of operations that may negatively impact the value of the Company’sstock. OnJanuary 4, 2010, the Company completed its acquisition of Mt.Washington.  The acquisition will materially increase the size andcomplexity of our operations.  Although the Company believes it hasthe management resources and internal systems in place to successfully integrateMt. Washington, there can be no assurance that the Company will successfullyintegrate the acquired operations into our existingoperations.   There can be no assurance that acquisition will nothave an adverse effect upon the Company’s operating results while the operationsof the acquired business are being integrated into the Company’soperations.  In addition, once integrated, acquired operations may notachieve levels of profitability comparable to those achieved by the Company’sexisting operations, or otherwise perform as expected.  Further,transaction-related expenses may adversely affect the Company’searnings.  These adverse effects on the Company’s earnings and resultsof operations may have a negative impact on the value of the Company’sstock. Legislativeor regulatory actions responding to financial and market weakness could affectus adversely. There can be no assurance that actions of the U.S. government,Federal Reserve and other governmental and regulatory bodies for the purpose ofstabilizing the financial markets will achieve the intended effect. The potential exists for additionalfederal or state laws and regulations regarding lending and funding practicesand liquidity standards, and bank regulatory agencies are expected to be activein responding to concerns and trends identified in examinations, including theexpected issuance of many formal enforcement orders.  Actions taken todate, as well as potential actions, may not have the beneficial effects that areintended, particularly with respect to the extreme levels of volatility andlimited credit availability currently being experienced.  In addition,new laws, regulations, and other regulatory changes will increase our costs ofregulatory compliance and of doing business, and otherwise affect ouroperations. Our FDIC insurance premiums have increased, and may continue toincrease, because market developments have significantly depleted the insurancefund of the FDIC and reduced the ratio of reserves to insured deposits. Newlaws, regulations, and other regulatory changes, along with negativedevelopments in the financial services industry and the credit markets, maysignificantly affect the markets in which we do business, the markets for andvalue of our loans and investments, and our ongoing operations, costs andprofitability.  Weoperate in a highly regulated environment and we may be adversely affected bychanges in laws and regulations. The Company is subject to extensiveregulation, supervision and examination by the Massachusetts Commissioner ofBanks, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Federal ReserveBoard.  Such regulation and supervision governs the activities inwhich an institution and its holding company may engage and are intendedprimarily for the protection of the insurance fund and the depositors andborrowers of East Boston Savings Bank rather than for holders of MeridianInterstate Bancorp common stock.  Regulatory authorities haveextensive discretion in their supervisory and enforcement activities, includingthe imposition of restrictions on our operations, the classification of ourassets and determination of the level of our allowance for loanlosses.  Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in theform of regulatory policy, regulations, legislation or supervisory action, mayhave a material impact on our operations.  Ourbusiness strategy includes the continuation of significant growth plans, and ourfinancial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected if wefail to grow or fail to manage our growth effectively. We expectto continue to experience growth in the amount of our assets, the level of ourdeposits and the scale of our operations. Achieving our growth targets requiresus to attract customers that currently bank at other financial institutions inour market, thereby increasing our share of the market. Our ability tosuccessfully grow will depend on a variety of factors, including our ability toattract and retain experienced bankers, the continued availability of desirablebusiness opportunities, the competitive responses from other financialinstitutions in our market areas and our ability to manage our growth. While webelieve we have the management resources and internal systems in place tosuccessfully manage our future growth, there can be no assurance growthopportunities will be  27 Table of Contents availableor that we will successfully manage our growth. If we do not manage our growtheffectively, we may not be able to achieve our business plan, and our businesscould be harmed. Lackof consumer confidence in financial institutions may decrease our level ofdeposits. Our level of deposits may be affectedby lack of consumer confidence in financial institutions, which has resulted inlarge numbers of depositors unwilling to maintain deposits that are not insuredby the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. In some cases, depositors havewithdrawn deposits and invested uninsured funds in investments perceived asbeing more secure, such as securities issued by the U.S. Treasury. Theseconsumer preferences may force us to pay higher interest rates to retaindeposits and may constrain liquidity as we seek to meet funding needs caused byreduced deposit levels.  Economicconditions may adversely affect our liquidity. In thepast year, significant declines in the values of mortgage-backed securities andderivative securities issued by financial institutions, government sponsoredentities, and major commercial and investment banks has led to decreasedconfidence in financial markets among borrowers, lenders, and depositors, aswell as disruption and extreme volatility in the capital and credit markets andthe failure of some entities in the financial sector. As a result, many lendersand institutional investors have reduced or ceased to provide funding toborrowers. Continued turbulence in the capital and credit markets may adverselyaffect our liquidity and financial condition and the willingness of certaincounterparties and customers to do business with us. Futurelegislative or regulatory actions responding to perceived financial and marketproblems could impair our rights against borrowers. As a result of the recent financialcrisis, the potential exists for the promulgation of new federal or state lawsand regulations regarding lending and funding practices and liquidity standards,and bank regulatory agencies are expected to be active in responding to concernsand trends identified in examinations, which are expected to result in theissuance of many formal enforcement orders. Negative developments in thefinancial services industry and the credit markets, and the impact of newlegislation in response to these developments, may negatively affect ouroperations by restricting our business operations, including our ability tooriginate or sell loans and pursue business opportunities. Compliance with suchregulation also will likely increase our costs.  There have been proposals made bymembers of Congress and others that would reduce the amount distressed borrowersare otherwise contractually obligated to pay under their mortgage loans andlimit an institution’s ability to foreclose on mortgage collateral. Wereproposals such as these, or other proposals limiting our rights as a creditor,to be implemented, we could experience increased credit losses or increasedexpense in pursuing our remedies as a creditor.  Adownturn in the local economy or a decline in local real estate values couldhurt our profits. Unlike larger financial institutionsthat are more geographically diversified, our profitability depends on thegeneral economic conditions in the Boston metropolitan area.  Localeconomic conditions have a significant impact on our commercial real estate andconstruction and consumer loans, the ability of the borrowers to repay theseloans and the value of the collateral securing these loans.  Almostall of our loans are to borrowers or secured by collateral located inMassachusetts.  As a result of this concentration, the downturn in thelocal economy has resulted in an increase in non-performing loans, which canresult in higher levels of loan loss provision expense.  Moreover, asignificant decline in general economic conditions, caused by inflation,recession, acts of terrorism, an outbreak of hostilities or other internationalor domestic calamities, unemployment or other factors beyond our control couldfurther impact these local economic conditions and could further negativelyaffect the financial results of our banking operations. A decline in real estatevalues in our market area may have caused some of our mortgage loans to becomeinadequately collateralized, which would expose us to a greater risk of loss ondefaulted loans which would negatively impact our net income. The Companyexperienced increased levels of non-performing loans and provision for loanlosses in 2009 as a result of a downturn in the local real estate market; referto “Management’s Discussionand Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition - Analysis ofNon-performing and Classified Assets.”  “Management’s Discussionand Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition - Analysis ofNon-performing and Classified Assets Ifour allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, ourearnings could decrease. TheCompany maintains an allowance for loan losses, which is established through aprovision for loan losses that represents management’s best estimate of probablelosses within the existing portfolio of loans. TheCompany  28 Table of Contents makesvarious assumptions and judgments about the collectibility of its loanportfolio, including the creditworthiness of borrowers and the value of the realestate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of loans. Indetermining the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses, the Company relies onits experience and its evaluation of economic conditions. If its assumptionsprove to be incorrect, its current allowance for loan losses may not besufficient to cover losses inherent in its loan portfolio and adjustment may benecessary to allow for different economic conditions or adverse developments inits loan portfolio. Consequently, a problem with one or more loans could requirethe Company to significantly increase the level of its provision for loanlosses. In addition, federal and state regulators periodically review theCompany’s allowance for loan losses and may require it to increase its provisionfor loan losses or recognize further loan charge-offs. Material additions to theallowance would materially decrease the Company’s net income. Changesin interest rates could hurt our profits. Our profitability, like most financialinstitutions, depends to a large extent upon our net interest income, which isthe difference between our interest income on interest-earning assets, such asloans and securities, and our interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities,such as deposits and borrowed funds.  Accordingly, our results ofoperations depend largely on movements in market interest rates and our abilityto manage our interest-rate-sensitive assets and liabilities in response tothese movements.  Factors such as inflation, recession and instabilityin financial markets, among other factors beyond the Company’s control, mayaffect interest rates.  If interest rates rise, and if rates onour deposits reprice upwards faster than the rates on our long-term loans andinvestments, we would experience compression of our interest rate spread, whichwould have a negative effect on our profitability.  Decreases ininterest rates can result in increased prepayments of loans and mortgage-relatedsecurities, as borrowers refinance to reduce their borrowingcosts.  Under these circumstances, we are subject to reinvestment riskas we may have to redeploy such loan or securities proceeds into lower-yieldingassets, which might also negatively impact our income.  While theCompany pursues an asset/liability strategy designed to mitigate its risk fromchanges in interest rates, changes in interest rates can still have a materialadverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations.Changes in the level of interest rates also may negatively affect our ability tooriginate real estate loans, the value of our assets and our ability to realizegains from the sale of our assets, all of which ultimately affect our earnings.For further discussion of how changes in interest rates could impact us, see“Management’s Discussion andAnalysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition—RiskManagement—Interest Rate Risk Management.” Management’s Discussion andAnalysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition—RiskManagement—Interest Rate Risk Management Thefinancial services sector represents a significant concentration within ourinvestment portfolio. Withinthe investment portfolio, the Company has a significant amount of marketableequity securities and corporate debt securities, including mortgage-backedsecurities, issued by companies in the financial services sector. Given thecurrent market conditions, this sector has an enhanced level of creditrisk. Wecould record future losses on our securities portfolio. Duringthe year ended December 31, 2009, we recognized total other-than-temporaryimpairment losses on our securities portfolio of $429,000.  Weconsidered all of this impairment to be credit-related and, therefore, inaccordance with applicable accounting standards, we recorded all of theimpairment as losses through a reduction of non-interest income.  Anumber of factors or combinations of factors could require us to conclude in oneor more future reporting periods that an unrealized loss that exists withrespect to our securities portfolio constitutes additional impairment that isother than temporary, which could result in material losses tous.  These factors include, but are not limited to, a continuedfailure by an issuer to make scheduled interest payments, an increase in theseverity of the unrealized loss on a particular security, an increase in thecontinuous duration of the unrealized loss without an improvement in value orchanges in market conditions and/or industry or issuer specific factors thatwould render us unable to forecast a full recovery in value.  Inaddition, the fair values of securities could decline if the overall economy andthe financial condition of some of the issuers continues to deteriorate andthere remains limited liquidity for these securities. Changesin the valuation of our securities portfolio could hurt ourprofits. Management evaluates securities forother-than-temporary impairment on a monthly basis, with more frequentevaluation for selected issues.  In analyzing a debt issuer’sfinancial condition, management considers whether the securities are issued bythe federal government or its agencies, whether downgrades by bondrating   29 Table of Contents agencieshave occurred, industry analysts’ reports and, to a lesser extent given therelatively insignificant levels of depreciation in the Company’s debt portfolio,spread differentials between the effective rates on instruments in the portfoliocompared to risk-free rates.  In analyzing an equity issuer’s financialcondition, management considers industry analysts’ reports, financialperformance and projected target prices of investment analysts within a one-yeartime frame.  Market valuation levels of the securities portfolio haveimproved as of December 31, 2009 compared to December 31,2008.  However, in 2009, due to continued low market valuations ofsome of our equity securities, we recorded other than temporary impairmentcharges.   A decline in the market for the securities portfoliocould result in further impairment charges on some issues.  Referto “Management’s Discussionand Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition – SecuritiesPortfolio.” “Management’s Discussionand Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition – SecuritiesPortfolio Thesuspension of dividends by the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston will negativelyaffect our earnings. TheFederal Home Loan Bank of Boston has not paid dividends on its stock sincesuspending them during the fourth quarter of 2008 and it is uncertain when thesepayments will recommence.  We received $138,000 in dividends from theFederal Home Loan Bank of Boston during the year ended December 31, 2008 and, asa result of the moratorium, we did not receive any such dividends in 2009. Thecontinued failure of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston to pay dividends forany future periods will reduce our earnings during such periods. Ifour investment in stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston is classified asother-than-temporarily impaired, our earnings and stockholders’ equity woulddecrease. We own common stock of the Federal HomeLoan Bank of Boston. We hold this stock to qualify for membership in the FederalHome Loan Bank System and to be eligible to borrow funds under the Federal HomeLoan Bank of Boston’s advance program. The aggregate cost and fair value of ourFederal Home Loan Bank of Boston common stock as of December 31, 2009 was $4.6million based on its par value. There is no market for our Federal Home LoanBank of Boston common stock.  Recent published reports indicate thatcertain member banks of the Federal Home Loan Bank System may be subject toaccounting rules and asset quality risks that could result in materially lowerregulatory capital levels.  In an extreme situation, it is possiblethat the capitalization of a Federal Home Loan Bank, including the Federal HomeLoan Bank of Boston, could be substantially diminished.  Consequently,we believe that there is a risk that our investment in Federal Home Loan Bank ofBoston common stock could be impaired at some time in the future.  Ifthis occurs, it would cause our earnings and stockholders’ equity to decrease bythe after-tax amount of the impairment charge.  Thebuilding of market share through de novo branching could cause our expenses toincrease faster than revenues. We intend to continue to build marketshare in the greater Boston metropolitan area through de novobranching.  Since 2002, we have opened six de novo branches, the mostrecent in August 2009.  There are considerable costs involved inopening branches and new branches generally require a period of time to generatethe necessary revenues to offset their costs, especially in areas in which we donot have an established presence.  Accordingly, any new branch can beexpected to negatively impact our earnings for some period of time until thebranch reaches certain economies of scale.  Our expenses could befurther increased if we encounter delays in the opening of any of our newbranches.  Finally, we have no assurance our new branches will besuccessful after they have been established.  Ourfunding sources may prove insufficient to replace deposits at maturity andsupport our future growth. We must maintain sufficient funds torespond to the needs of depositors and borrowers. As a part of our liquiditymanagement, we use a number of funding sources in addition to core depositgrowth and repayments and maturities of loans and investments. As we continue togrow, we are likely to become more dependent on these sources, which includeFederal Home Loan Bank advances, proceeds from the sale of loans; federal fundspurchased and brokered certificates of deposit.  Adverse operatingresults or changes in industry conditions could lead to difficulty or aninability to access these additional funding sources. Our financial flexibilitywill be severely constrained if we are unable to maintain our access to fundingor if adequate financing is not available to accommodate future growth atacceptable interest rates. Finally, if we are required to rely more heavily onmore expensive funding sources to support future growth, our revenues may notincrease proportionately to cover our costs. In this case, our operating marginsand profitability would be adversely affected.   30 Table of Contents Strongcompetition within our market area could hurt our profits and slowgrowth. We face intense competition in makingloans and attracting deposits.  Price competition for loans anddeposits sometimes results in us charging lower interest rates on our loans andpaying higher interest rates on our deposits and may reduce our netinterest income.  Competition also makes it more difficult and costlyto attract and retain qualified employees.  Many of the institutionswith which we compete have substantially greater resources and lending limitsthan we have and may offer services that we do not provide.  We expectcompetition to increase in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory andtechnological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in the financialservices industry.  If we are not able to effectively compete in ourmarket area, our profitability may be negatively affected, potentially limitingour ability to pay dividends.  The greater resources and broader offeringof deposit and loan products of some of our competitors may also limit ourability to increase our interest-earning assets.  For more informationabout our market area and the competition we face, see “Item 1 -  Business—MarketArea” and “Item 1-  Business—Competition.”  “Item 1 -  Business—MarketArea” “Item 1-  Business—Competition.” Thesuccess of the Company is dependent on hiring and retaining certain keypersonnel. TheCompany’s performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highlyskilled individuals. The Company relies on key personnel to manage and operateits business, including major revenue generating functions such as loan anddeposit generation.  The loss of key staff may adversely affect theCompany’s ability to maintain and manage these functions effectively, whichcould negatively affect the Company’s revenues.  In addition, loss ofkey personnel could result in increased recruiting and hiring expenses, whichcould cause a decrease in the Company’s net income.  The Company’scontinued ability to compete effectively depends on its ability to attract newemployees and to retain and motivate its existing employees.  In 2009,the Company appointed a new President and Senior Lender.  The Companyalso hired a new Chief Financial Officer in January 2010. Wecould incur losses from our equity investment in Hampshire First Bank, a de novoinstitution. In 2006, we acquired 40% of the capitalstock of Hampshire First Bank, a New Hampshire chartered bank, organized in 2006and headquartered in Manchester, New Hampshire.  We account for ourinvestment in Hampshire First Bank by the equity method of accounting underwhich our share of the net income or loss of Hampshire First Bank is recognizedas income or loss in our consolidated financial statements.  WhileHampshire First Bank earned income during 2009, it incurred operating lossesduring its initial years of operation and could record additional losses in thefuture.  We cannot guarantee that these losses may not significantlyaffect our profitability.  Item 1b.  unresolved staffcomments\""
