[1] "[1] \"ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The risks and uncertainties described below are notthe only ones facing the Company. If any of the following risks occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects could be materially adversely affected. Our strategy, focused on more aggressive development of ourland, involves significant risk and could result in operating losses. We are involved in a cyclical industry and are affected by changes in general andlocal economic conditions. The real estate development industry is cyclical and is significantly affected by changes in general and local economic conditions, including:  <U+0095>  Employment levels  <U+0095>  Availability of financing  <U+0095>  Interest rates  <U+0095>  Consumer confidence  <U+0095>  Demand for the developed product, whether residential or industrial  <U+0095>  Supply of similar product, whether residential or industrial The process of development of a project begins and financial and other resources are committed long before a real estate project comes to market, which could occur at a time when the real estate market is depressed. It is also possible in arural area like ours that no market for the project will develop as projected. A prolonged recession in the national economy, or a further downturn innational or regional economic conditions, could continue to adversely impact our business. The collapse of the housing market together with the crisis in the credit markets, have resulted in a recession in the national economy. At such times,potential home buyer and commercial real estate customers often defer or avoid real estate transactions due the substantial costs involved and uncertainties in the economic environment. Our future real estate sales, revenues, financial condition andresults of operations could suffer as a result. Our business is especially sensitive to economic conditions in California, where all of our land is located. There is no consensus as to when the recession will end, and California, as one of the hardest hit states, could take longer to recover than the rest of the nation. A prolonged recession will continue to have a material adverse effect onour business and results of operations. Higher interest rates and lack of available financing can have significant impacts on the real estateindustry. Higher interest rates generally impact the real estate industry by making it harder for buyers to qualify for financing, which can lead to a decrease in the demand for residential, commercial or industrial sites. Anydecrease in demand will negatively impact our proposed developments. Lack of available credit to finance real estate purchases can also negatively impact demand. Any downturn in the economy or consumer confidence can also be expected to result inreduced housing demand and slower industrial development, which would negatively impact the demand for land we are developing.  14 We are subject to various land use regulations and require governmental approvals for our developments that could bedenied. In planning and developing our land, we are subject to various local, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning zoning, infrastructure design, subdivision of land, and construction. All ofour new developments require amending existing general plan and zoning designations, so it is possible that our entitlement applications could be denied. In addition, the zoning that ultimately is approved could include density provisions that wouldlimit the number of homes and other structures that could be built within the boundaries of a particular area, which could adversely impact the financial returns from a given project. In addition, many states, cities and counties (includingneighboring Ventura County) have in the past approved various <U+0093>slow growth<U+0094> or <U+0093>urban limit line<U+0094> measures. If that were to occur in the jurisdictions governing the Company<U+0092>s land use, our future real estate developmentactivities could be significantly adversely affected. Third-party litigation could increase the time and cost of our developmentefforts. The land use approval processes we must follow to ultimately develop our projects have become increasingly complex. Moreover, the statutes, regulations and ordinances governing the approval processes provide third partiesthe opportunity to challenge the proposed plans and approvals. As a result, the prospect of third-party challenges to planned real estate developments provides additional uncertainties in real estate development planning and entitlements.Third-party challenges in the form of litigation would, by their nature, adversely affect the length of time and the cost required to obtain the necessary approvals. In addition, adverse decisions arising from any litigation would increase the costsand length of time to obtain ultimate approval of a project and could adversely affect the design, scope, plans and profitability of a project. We aresubject to environmental regulations and opposition from environmental groups that could cause delays and increase the costs of our development efforts or preclude such development entirely. Environmental laws that apply to a givensite can vary greatly according to the site<U+0092>s location and condition, present and former uses of the site, and the presence or absence of sensitive elements like wetlands and endangered species. Environmental laws and conditions may result indelays, cause us to incur additional costs for compliance, mitigation and processing land use applications, or preclude development in specific areas. In addition, in California, third parties have the ability to file litigation challenging theapproval of a project, which they usually do by alleging inadequate disclosure and mitigation of the environmental impacts of the project. While we have worked with representatives of various environmental interests and wildlife agencies to minimizeand mitigate the impacts of our planned projects, certain groups opposed to development have made clear they intend to oppose our projects vigorously, so litigation challenging their approval is expected. The issues most commonly cited inopponents<U+0092> public comments include the poor air quality of the San Joaquin Valley air basin, potential impacts of projects on the California condor and other species of concern, the potential for our lands to function as wildlife movementcorridors, potential impacts of our projects on traffic and air quality in Los Angeles County, and criticism of proposed development in rural areas as being <U+0093>sprawl<U+0094>. Recent concerns over the impact of development on water availability andglobal warming increases the breadth of potential obstacles that our developments face. Until governmental entitlements are received, we will have alimited inventory of real estate. Each of our four current and planned real estate projects, TIC<U+0096>West and East, Centennial and TMV, involve obtaining various governmental permits and/or entitlements. A delay in obtaining  15 governmental approvals could lead to additional costs related to these developments and potentially lost opportunities for the sale of lots to developers andland users. We are in competition with several other developments for customers and residents. Within our real estate activities, weare in direct competition for customers with other industrial sites in Northern, Central, and Southern California. We are also in competition with other highway interchange locations using Interstate 5 and State Route 99 for commercial leasingopportunities. Centennial ultimately would compete with other residential housing options in the region, such as developments in the Santa Clarita Valley, Lancaster, Palmdale, and Bakersfield. TMV will compete generally for discretionary dollarsthat consumers will allocate to recreation and second homes, so its competition will include a greater area and range of projects. Our developable landis concentrated entirely in California. All of our developable land is in California and our business is especially sensitive to the economic conditions within California, Any adverse change in the economic climate of California,which is currently in a recession, or our region of that state, and any adverse change in the political or regulatory climate of California, or the counties where our land is located could adversely affect our real estate development activities.There is no consensus as to when the recession will end or how long it could take to recover from the recession. Ultimately, our ability to sell or lease lots may decline as a result of weak economic conditions or restrictive regulations. We are dependent on key personnel and the loss of one or more of those key personnel may materially and adversely affect ourprospects. We currently depend heavily on the services of Robert A. Stine, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and a number of other key management personnel. The loss of Mr. Stine<U+0092>s services or that of other keypersonnel could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, or our ability to pursue land development. Our success will also depend in part on our ability to attract and retain additional qualified managementpersonnel. Our business model is very dependent on transactions with strategic partners. We may not be able to successfully (1) attract desirablestrategic partners: (2) complete agreements with strategic partners: and/or (3) manage relationships with strategic partners going forward, any of which could adversely affect our business. For several years a key to our developmentand value creation strategies has been the use of joint ventures and strategic relationships. These joint venture partners bring development experience, industry expertise, financial resources, financing capabilities, brand recognition andcredibility or other competitive assets. A complicating factor in any joint venture is that strategic partners may have economic or business interests orgoals that are inconsistent with ours or that are influenced by factors related to our business. These competing interests lead to the difficult challenges of successfully managing the relationship and communication between strategic partners andmonitoring the execution of the partnership plan. We may also be subject to adverse business consequences if the market reputation of the strategic partner deteriorates. If we cannot successfully execute transactions with strategic partners, ourbusiness could be adversely affected. Only a limited market exists for our Common Stock which could lead to price volatility. Thelimited trading market for our Common Stock may cause fluctuations in the market value of our Common Stock to be exaggerated, leading to price volatility in excess of that which would occur in a more active trading market of our Common Stock.  16 Concentrated ownership of our Common Stock creates a risk of sudden change in our share price. As ofFebruary 28, 2009, directors and members of our executive management team beneficially owned or controlled approximately 36% of our Common Stock. Investors who purchase our Common Stock may be subject to certain risks due to the concentratedownership of our Common Stock. The sale by any of our large shareholders of a significant portion of that shareholder<U+0092>s holdings could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. In addition, the registration of anysignificant amount of additional shares of our Common Stock will have the immediate effect of increasing the public float of our Common Stock and any such increase may cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline or fluctuate significantly. Inflation can have a significant adverse effect on our operations. Inflation can have a major impact on our farming operations. The farmingoperations are most affected by escalating costs and unpredictable revenues (due to an oversupply of certain crops) and very high irrigation water costs. High fixed water costs related to our farm lands will continue to adversely affect earnings.Prices received for many of our products are dependent upon prevailing market conditions and commodity prices. Therefore, it is difficult for us to accurately predict revenue, just as we cannot pass on cost increases caused by general inflation,except to the extent reflected in market conditions and commodity prices. Within our real estate operations, our lease portfolio is protected to someextent from inflation, since percentage rent clauses and Consumer Price Index increases in our leases tend to adjust rental receipts for inflation. Ifthe downturn in the real estate industry or the instability of the mortgage industry and commercial real estate financing continues, it could have an adverse effect on our real estate business. Our residential housing projects, Centennial andTMV, are currently in the entitlement phase, and therefore they have not been impacted by the current downturn in the housing market or the mortgage lending crisis. However, if the downturn in the housing market or the instability of the mortgageindustry continues at the time these projects move into their development and marketing phases, our resort/residential business could be adversely affected. Excess supply of homes available due to foreclosures or the expectation of deflation inhouse prices could also have a negative impact on our ability to sell our inventory when it becomes available. The inability of potential commercial/industrial clients to get adequate financing for the expansion of their businesses could lead toreduced lease revenues and sales of land within our industrial development. We may encounter other risks that could impact our ability to develop ourland. We may also encounter other difficulties in developing our land, including:  <U+0095>  Natural risks, such as geological and soil problems, earthquakes, fire, heavy rains and flooding, and heavy winds;  <U+0095>  Shortages of qualified trades people;  <U+0095>  Reliance on local contractors, who may be inadequately capitalized;  <U+0095>  Shortages of materials; and  <U+0095>  Increases in the cost of certain materials.  17 ITEM 1B.\""
