[1] "[1] \"ITEM1A – RISK FACTORS CautionaryStatement Pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 andRisk Factors Certainstatements herein, including anticipated store openings, trends in orexpectations regarding The Buckle, Inc.’s revenue and net earnings growth,comparable store sales growth, cash flow requirements, and capital expenditures,all constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the PrivateSecurities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based on currentlyavailable operating, financial, and competitive information and are subject tovarious risks and uncertainties. Actual future results and trends may differmaterially depending on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to,changes in product mix, changes in fashion trends and/or pricing, competitivefactors, general economic conditions, economic conditions in the retail apparelindustry, successful execution of internal performance and expansion plans, andother risks detailed herein and in The Buckle, Inc.’s other filings with theSecurities and Exchange Commission. Aforward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of futureevents or circumstances, and those future events or circumstances may not occur.Users should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, whichare accurate only as of the date of this report. The Company is under noobligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as aresult of new information, future events, or otherwise. In management’sjudgment, the following are material risk factors: Dependence on Merchandising/FashionSensitivity. The Company’s success is largely dependent upon its abilityto gauge the fashion tastes of its customers and to provide merchandise thatsatisfies customer demand in a timely manner. The Company’s failure toanticipate, identify, or react appropriately and timely to the changes infashion trends would reduce the Company’s net sales and profitability.Misjudgments or unanticipated fashion changes could have a negative impact onthe Company’s image with its customers, which would also reduce the Company’snet sales and profitability. Dependence on Merchandising/FashionSensitivity  11  Dependence on Private LabelMerchandise. Sales from private label merchandise accounted forapproximately 29% of net sales for fiscal 2009 and 28% of net sales for fiscal2008. The Company may increase or decrease the percentage of net sales fromprivate label merchandise in the future. The Company’s private label productsgenerally earn a higher margin than branded products. Thus, reductions in theprivate label mix would decrease the Company’s merchandise margins and, as aresult, reduce net earnings. Dependence on Private LabelMerchandise Fluctuations in Comparable Store NetSales Results. The Company’s comparable store net sales results havefluctuated in the past and are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future.A variety of factors affect comparable store sales results, including changes infashion trends, changes in the Company’s merchandise mix, calendar shifts ofholiday periods, actions by competitors, weather conditions, and generaleconomic conditions. As a result of these or other factors, the Company’s futurecomparable store sales could decrease, reducing overall net sales andprofitability. Fluctuations in Comparable Store NetSales Results Ability to Continue Expansion andManagement of Growth. The Buckle, Inc.’s continued growth depends on itsability to open and operate stores on a profitable basis and management’sability to manage planned expansion. During fiscal 2010, the Company plans toopen 20 new stores. This expansion is dependent upon factors such as the abilityto locate and obtain favorable store sites, negotiate acceptable lease terms,obtain necessary merchandise, and hire and train qualified management and otheremployees. There may be factors outside of the Company’s control that affect theability to expand, including general economic conditions. There is no assurancethat the Company will be able to achieve its planned expansion or that suchexpansion will be profitable. If the Company fails to manage its store growth,there would be less growth in the Company’s net sales from new stores and lessgrowth in profitability. If the Company opens unprofitable store locations,there could be a reduction in net earnings, even with the resulting growth inthe Company’s net sales. Ability to Continue Expansion andManagement of Growth Reliance on Key Personnel. Thecontinued success of The Buckle, Inc. is dependent to a significant degree onthe continued service of key personnel, including senior management. The loss ofa member of senior management could create additional expense in covering theirposition as well as cause a reduction in net sales, thus reducing net earnings.The Company’s success in the future will also be dependent upon the Company’sability to attract and retain qualified personnel. The Company’s failure toattract and retain qualified personnel could reduce the number of new stores theCompany could open in a year which would cause net sales to decline, couldcreate additional operating expenses, and could reduce overall profitability forthe Company. Reliance on Key Personnel Dependence on a Single DistributionFacility and Third-Party Carriers. The distribution function for all ofthe Company’s stores is handled from a single facility in Kearney, Nebraska. Anysignificant interruption in the operation of the distribution facility due tonatural disasters, system failures, or other unforeseen causes would impede thedistribution of merchandise to the stores, causing a decline in store inventory,a reduction in store sales, and a reduction in Company profitability.Interruptions in service by common carriers could also delay shipment of goodsto Company store locations. Additionally, there can be no assurance that thecurrent facilities will be adequate to support the Company’s futuregrowth. Dependence on a Single DistributionFacility and Third-Party Carriers Reliance on Foreign Sources ofProduction. The Company purchases a portion of its private labelmerchandise through sourcing agents in foreign markets. In addition, some of theCompany’s domestic vendors manufacture goods overseas. The Company does not haveany long-term merchandise supply contracts and its imports are subject toexisting or potential duties, tariffs, and quotas. The Company faces a varietyof risks associated with doing business overseas including competition forfacilities and quotas, political instability, possible new legislation relatingto imports that could limit the quantity of merchandise that may be imported,imposition of duties, taxes, and other charges on imports, and local businesspractice and political issues which may result in adverse publicity. TheCompany’s inability to rely on foreign sources of production due to these orother causes could reduce the amount of inventory the Company is able topurchase, hold up the timing on the receipt of new merchandise, and reducemerchandise margins if comparable inventory is purchased from branded sources.Any or all of these changes would cause a decrease in the Company’s net salesand net earnings. Reliance on Foreign Sources ofProduction.  12  Dependence upon Maintaining Sales andProfit Growth in the Highly Competitive Retail Apparel Industry. Thespecialty retail industry is highly competitive. The Company competes primarilyon the basis of fashion, selection, quality, price, location, service, and storeenvironment. The Company faces a variety of competitive challenges,including: Dependence upon Maintaining Sales andProfit Growth in the Highly Competitive Retail Apparel Industry ·      anticipatingand responding timely to changing customer demands and preferences; ·  · · effectively      marketing both branded and private label merchandise to consumers in      several diverse market segments and maintaining favorable brand      recognition;  · · providing      unique, high-quality merchandise in styles, colors, and sizes that appeal      to consumers; ·      sourcingmerchandise efficiently; · ·      competitivelypricing merchandise and creating customer perception of value; ·  · · monitoring      increased labor costs, including increases in health care benefits and      worker’s compensation costs. There isno assurance that the Company will be able to compete successfully in thefuture. Reliance on Consumer SpendingTrends. The continued success of the Company depends, in part, uponnumerous factors that impact the levels of individual disposable income andthus, consumer spending. Factors include the political environment, economicconditions, employment, consumer debt, interest rates, inflation, and consumerconfidence. A decline in consumer spending, for any reason, could have anadverse effect on the Company’s net sales, gross profits, and results fromoperations. Reliance on Consumer SpendingTrends Modifications and/or Upgrades toInformation Technology Systems May Disrupt Operations. The Company reliesupon its various information systems to manage its operations and regularlyevaluates its information technology in order for management to identifyinvestment opportunities for maintaining, modifying, upgrading, or replacingthese systems. There are inherent risks associated with replacing or changingthese systems. Any delays, errors in capturing data, or difficulties intransitioning to these or other new systems, or in integrating these systemswith the Company’s current systems, or any other disruptions affecting theCompany’s information systems, could have a material adverse impact on theCompany’s business. Modifications and/or Upgrades toInformation Technology Systems May Disrupt Operations Market/Liquidity Risk Related to theCompany’s Investments. In prior years, the Company invested a portion ofits investments in auction-rate securities (“ARS”), including five auction-ratepreferred securities (“ARPS”) that were converted to preferred stock. As ofJanuary 30, 2010 and January 31, 2009, $22.8 million and $30.9 million,respectively, of investments were in ARS and preferred securities. ARS have along-term stated maturity, but are reset through a “dutch auction” process thatoccurs every 7 to 49 days, depending on the terms of the individual security.Since February 2008, a significant number of auctions related to thesesecurities failed, meaning that there was not enough demand to sell the entireissue at auction. The failed auctions have limited the liquidity of theCompany’s investments in ARS, and the Company believes that certain of theunderlying issuers of its ARS are currently at risk. Further auction failurescould have a material impact on Company’s earnings; however, the Company doesnot believe further auction failures would have a material impact on its abilityto fund its business. Market/Liquidity Risk Related to theCompany’s Investments. TheCompany reviews impairments in accordance with FASB ASC 320, Investments-Debt and EquitySecurities, to determine the classification of potential impairments aseither “temporary” or “other-than-temporary.”  A temporary impairmentresults in an unrealized loss being recorded in other comprehensive income. Animpairment that is considered other-than-temporary would be recognized as a lossin the statements of income. The Company considers various factors in reviewingimpairments, including the length of time and extent to which the fair value hasbeen less than the Company’s cost basis, the financial condition and near-termprospects of the issuer, and the Company’s intent and ability to hold theinvestments for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipatedrecovery in market value. The Company believes it has the ability and maintainsits intent to hold its investments until recovery of market valueoccurs. Investments-Debt and EquitySecurities,  13  TheCompany’s investments in ARS and preferred securities are reported at fairmarket value, and as of January 30, 2010, the reported investment amount is netof a $1.3 million temporary impairment and a $2.7 million other-than-temporaryimpairment (“OTTI”) to account for the impairment of certain securities fromtheir stated par value. The Company reported the $1.3 million temporaryimpairment, net of tax, as an “accumulated other comprehensive loss” of $0.8million in stockholders’ equity as of January 30, 2010. The Company hasaccounted for the impairment as temporary, as it currently expects to be able tosuccessfully liquidate its investments without loss once the ARS market resumesnormal operations. The Company reviews all investments for OTTI at leastquarterly or as indicators of impairment exist. Indicators of impairment includethe duration and severity of the decline in market value. In addition, theCompany considers qualitative factors including, but not limited to, thefinancial condition of the investee, the credit rating of the investee, and thecurrent and expected market and industry conditions in which the investeeoperates. Given current market conditions in the ARS market, the Company mayincur additional temporary impairment or OTTI in the future if market conditionspersist and the Company is unable to recover the cost of its investments inARS. Interest Rate Risk. To theextent that the Company borrows under its line of credit facility, the Companywould be exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates. As ofJanuary 30, 2010, no borrowings were outstanding under the line of creditfacility. The Company is not a party to any derivative financial instruments.Additionally, the Company is exposed to market risk related to interest raterisk on the cash and investments in interest-bearing securities. Theseinvestments have carrying values that are subject to interest rate changes thatcould impact earnings to the extent that the Company did not hold theinvestments to maturity. If there are changes in interest rates, those changeswould also affect the investment income the Company earns on its cash andinvestments. For each one-quarter percent decline in the interest/dividend rateearned on cash and investments (approximately a 50% change in the rate earned),the Company’s net income would decrease approximately $0.4 million or less than$0.01 per share. This amount could vary based upon the number of shares of theCompany’s stock outstanding and the level of cash and investments held by theCompany. Interest Rate Risk. Thecompany cautions that the risk factors described above could cause actualresults to vary materially from those anticipated in any forward-lookingstatements made by or on behalf of the Company. Management cannot assess theimpact of each factor on the Company’s business or the extent to which anyfactor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to vary from thosecontained in forward-looking statements. ITEM1B – UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS\""
