[1] "[1] \"Item1A. Risk Factors  RISKFACTORS  RisksRelated to Our Business and Industry  Wehave incurred principally losses since inception and losses may continue, which could result in a decline in the value of oursecurities and a loss of your investment.  Wesustained net losses of $5,333,951 and $7,644,230 for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and ouraccumulated deficit was $98,633,745 as of December 31, 2015. Since we expect to incur additional expenditures in line with thesales growth of our business, we may not achieve operating profits in the near future. This could lead to a decline in the valueof our securities.  Ourproprietary software relies on reference data provided by government and quasi-government agencies. If these governmental andquasi-government agencies were to stop sharing data with us, the utility of our proprietary software would be diminished in thosejurisdictions and our business would be damaged.  Currently,the fifty states, ten Canadian provinces and the District of Columbia, which in most instances conform to the guidelines establishedby certain organizations responsible for implementing industry standards, cooperate with us by providing sample identificationcards so that we may modify all of our hardware and software products to read and analyze the encoded information found on suchjurisdiction’s identification cards. In the event that one or more of these jurisdictions do not continue to provide thisreference data, the utility of our proprietary software may be diminished in those jurisdictions.  Ourbusiness strategy exposes us to long sales and implementation cycles for our products.  Ourtarget customers in the commercial fraud protection, access control and age verification industry sectors include large retailersand government agencies, which typically require longer sales and implementation cycles for our products than do our potentialcustomer base solely interested in age verification, such as restaurant, bar and convenience store operators. The longer salesand implementation cycles for larger retail companies continue to have an adverse impact on the timing of realizing our revenues.In addition, budgetary constraints and potential economic slowdowns may also continue to delay purchasing decisions by these prospectivecustomers. These initiatives have costs associated with them, and we cannot assure you that they ultimately will prove successful,or result in, an increase to our revenues or profitability.  Inaddition, the loss or significant reduction in government spending by government entities could materially limit our ability toobtain government contracts. These limitations, if significant, could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financialcondition and results of operations. In addition, we will need to develop additional strategic relationships with large governmentcontractors in order to successfully compete for government contracts. Should we lose or fail to develop these strategic relationshipswe may not be able to implement our business strategy.  Theindustry for our systems and software is evolving and its growth is uncertain.  Demandand industry acceptance for recently introduced and existing systems, and software and sales from such systems and software, aresubject to a high level of uncertainty and risk. With changing administration in government, changes in government budgets, andslowly evolving government standards on use of identity products, the government sector is slowly developing. The commercial sectorhas the ability to develop faster than the government sector, but it is also subject to a higher level of uncertainty becauseof potential uncertainty in the continued financial health of our commercial customers, as well as long sales cycles. Our businessmay suffer if the industry develops more slowly than anticipated and does not sustain industry acceptance.   Failureto manage our operations if they expand could impair our future growth.  Ifwe are able to expand our operations, particularly through multiple sales to large retailers and government agencies in the documentverification industry, the expansion will place significant strain on our management, financial controls, operating systems, personneland other resources. Our ability to manage future growth, should it occur, will depend to a large extent upon several factors,including our ability to do the following:   <U+25CF> build    and train our sales force;  <U+25CF> establish    and maintain relationships with distributors;  <U+25CF> develop    customer support systems;  <U+25CF> develop    expanded internal management and financial controls adequate to keep pace with growth in personnel and sales, if they occur;    and  <U+25CF> manage    the use of third-party manufacturers and suppliers.  Ifwe are able to grow our business but do not manage our growth successfully, we may experience increased operating expenses, lossof customers, distributors or suppliers and declining or slowed growth of revenues.  Weare subject to risks associated with product failure and technological flaws.  Productsas complex as those offered by us may contain undetected errors or result in failures when first introduced or when new versionsare released. Despite vigorous product testing efforts and testing by current and potential customers, it is possible that errorswill be found in a new product or enhancement after commencement of commercial shipments. The occurrence of product defects orerrors could result in adverse publicity, delay in product introduction, diversion of resources to remedy defects, loss of, ora delay in industry acceptance, claims by customers against us, or could cause us to incur additional costs, any of which couldadversely affect our business.  Failureto protect our proprietary technology may impair our competitive position.  Wecontinue to allocate significant resources to developing new and innovative technologies that are utilized in our products andsystems. Because our continued success depends on, to a significant degree, our ability to offer products providing superior functionalityand performance over those offered by our competitors, we consider the protection of our technology from unauthorized use to befundamental to our success. This is done by processes aimed at identifying and seeking appropriate protection for newly-developedintellectual property, including patents, trade secrets, copyrights and trademarks, as well as policies aimed at identifying unauthorizeduse of such property. These processes include:   <U+25CF> contractual    arrangements providing for nondisclosure of proprietary information;  <U+25CF> maintaining    and enforcing issued patents and filing patent applications on innovative solutions to commercially important problems;  <U+25CF> protecting    trade secrets;  <U+25CF> protecting    copyrights and trademarks by registration and other appropriate means;  <U+25CF> establishing    internal processes for identifying and appropriately protecting new and innovative technologies; and  <U+25CF> establishing    practices for identifying unauthorized use of intellectual property.  Weare currently involved in two lawsuits as a plaintiff in order to enforce our patent rights. Litigation can be very costly anddivert management’s attention. An adverse outcome in any litigation may have a severe negative effect on our financial results.To determine the priority of inventions, we may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the U.S. Patent andTrademark Office or oppositions in foreign patent and trademark offices, which could result in substantial cost and limitationson the scope or validity of our patents or trademarks.  Additionally,third parties, including our competitors or licensees, may seek to have our patents reviewed by the Patent Trial and Appeal Boardof the United States Patent and Trademark Office in a post grant proceeding, such as post grant review or an inter parties review.Such proceedings, if instituted could cancel our patents or narrow the scope of our patent claims. We cannot predict the effectthat such proceedings, if instituted, may have on our business or revenue received from licensing our patents.   Inaddition, foreign laws treat the protection of proprietary rights differently from laws in the United States. The failure of foreignlaws or judicial systems to adequately protect our proprietary rights or intellectual property, including intellectual propertydeveloped on our behalf by foreign contractors or subcontractors, may have a material adverse effect on our business, operationsand financial results.  Ifour future products incorporate technologies that infringe the proprietary rights of third parties, and we do not secure licensesfrom them, we could be liable for substantial damages.  Weare not aware that our current products infringe the intellectual property rights of any third parties. We also are not awareof any third party intellectual property rights that may hamper our ability to provide future products and services. However,we recognize that the development of our services or products may require that we acquire intellectual property licenses fromthird parties so as to avoid infringement of those parties’ intellectual property rights. These licenses may not be availableat all or may only be available on terms that are not commercially reasonable. If third parties make infringement claims againstus whether or not they are upheld, such claims could:   <U+25CF> consume    substantial time and financial resources;  <U+25CF> divert    the attention of management from growing our business and managing operations; and  <U+25CF> disrupt    product sales and shipments.  Ifany third party prevails in an action against us for infringement of its proprietary rights, we could be required to pay damagesand either enter into costly licensing arrangements or redesign our products so as to exclude any infringing use. As a result,we would incur substantial costs, delays in product development, sales and shipments, and our revenues may decline substantially.Additionally, we may not be able to achieve the minimum necessary growth for our continued success.  Failureto attract and retain management and other personnel may damage our operations and financial results and cause our stock priceto decline.  Wedepend to a significant degree on the skills, experience and efforts of our executive officers and other key management, technical,finance, sales and other personnel. Our failure to attract, integrate, motivate and retain existing or additional personnel coulddisrupt or otherwise harm our operations and financial results. We do not carry key man life insurance policies covering any employees.The loss of services of certain of our key employees, an inability to attract or retain qualified personnel in the future, ordelays in hiring additional personnel could delay the development of our business and could cause our stock price to decline.  Ourshare price may be volatile and could decline substantially  Themarket price of our common stock, like the price of shares of technology companies generally, has been and may continue to bevolatile. From January 1, 2002 to March 24, 2016, the closing price of our common stock has varied from a high of $140.00 to alow of $0.82 per share, as reported on the NYSE MKT. Many factors may cause the market price for our common stock to decline,including:   <U+25CF> shortfalls    in revenues, cash flows or continued losses from operations;  <U+25CF> delays    in development or roll-out of any of our products;  <U+25CF> announcements    by one or more competitors of new product acquisitions or technological innovations; and  <U+25CF> unfavorable    outcomes from outstanding litigation.  Inaddition, the stock market experiences extreme fluctuations in price and volume that particularly affect the market price of sharesof emerging technology companies, such as ours. These price and volume fluctuations are often unrelated or disproportionate tothe operating performance of the affected companies. Because of this volatility, we may fail to meet the expectations of our stockholdersor of securities analysts and our stock price could decline as a result. Declines in our stock price for any reason, as well asbroad-based market fluctuations or fluctuations related to our financial results or other developments, may adversely affect yourability to sell your shares at a price equal to or above the price at which you purchased them. Decreases in the price of ourcommon stock may also lead to de-listing of our common stock.   Weincur significant accounting and other control costs that impact our financial condition.  Asa publicly traded corporation, we incur certain costs to comply with regulatory requirements. If regulatory requirements wereto become more stringent or if controls thought to be effective later fail, we may be forced to make additional expenditures,the amounts of which could be material. Some of our competitors are privately owned, so their accounting and control costs couldcreate a competitive advantage over us. Should our sales decline or if we are unsuccessful at increasing prices to cover higherexpenditures for internal controls and audits, our costs associated with regulatory compliance will rise as a percentage of sales.  Securinggovernment contracts typically involves a lengthy competitive bidding process. Often, unsuccessful bidders have the ability tochallenge contract awards. Such challenges may increase costs, result in delays and risk the loss of the contract by the winningbidder. Protests or other delays related to material government contracts that may be awarded to us could result in revenue volatility.State and local government agency contracts may depend on the availability of matching funds from federal, state or local entities.State and local government agencies are subject to political, budgetary, purchasing and delivery constraints that may result inirregular revenue and operating results. Revenue volatility makes management of our business difficult. Outright loss of any materialgovernment contract through the protest process or otherwise, could significantly reduce our revenues.  Wecould be adversely affected by a negative audit by the U.S. government.  We,like other government contractors, are subject to various routine audits, reviews and investigations by U.S. government agencies,including the Defense Contract Audit Agency and various agency inspectors. These agencies review a contractor’s performanceunder its contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and standards. Any costs found to be misclassifiedmay be subject to repayment. If an audit or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civilor criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments,fines, and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. government.  Ourbusiness strategy exposes us to long sales and implementation cycles for our products.  Historically,some of our primary target customers have been government agencies and branches of the U.S. military, both of which require longsales and implementation cycles for products, which may result in a long period of time prior to revenue realization. The lossor significant reduction in government spending could limit our ability to obtain government contracts. These limitations, ifsignificant, could significantly reduce our revenues. We will need to develop additional strategic relationships with large governmentcontractors in order to successfully compete for government contracts. Should we lose or fail to develop these strategic relationships,we may not be able to implement our business strategy.  Wecannot be certain that our backlog estimates will result in actual revenues in any particular fiscal period because our clientsmay modify or terminate projects or may decide not to exercise contract options.  Ourbacklog represents sales value of firm orders for products and services not yet delivered and, for long-term, executed contractualarrangements (contracts, subcontract and customer commitments), the estimated future sales value of product shipments, transactionsprocessed and services to be provided over the term of the contractual arrangements, including anticipated renewal options. Forcontracts with indefinite quantities, our backlog is estimated based on current activity levels. Our backlog includes estimatesof revenues, the receipt of which require future government appropriations, depend on option exercise by clients or are subjectto contract modification or termination. At December 31, 2015, our backlog approximated $339,000. These estimates are based onour experience under such contracts and similar contracts, and we believe that such estimates are reasonable. If we do not realizea substantial amount of our backlog, as we presently anticipate, our operations could be harmed and future revenues could be significantlyreduced.   Longlead times for the components used in certain products creates uncertainty in our supply chain and may prevent us from makingrequired deliveries to our customers on time.  Werely exclusively on commercial off-the-shelf technology in manufacturing our products. The lead-time for ordering certain componentsused in our products and for the production of products can be lengthy. As a result, we must, from time to time, order productsbased on forecasted demand. If demand for products lags significantly behind forecasts, we may purchase more product than we cansell. Conversely, if demand exceeds forecasts, we may not have enough products to meet our obligations to our customers.  Weobtain certain hardware and services, as well as some software applications, from a limited group of suppliers, and our relianceon these suppliers involves significant risks, including reduced control over quality and delivery schedules.  Anyfinancial instability of our suppliers could result in having to find new suppliers. We may experience significant delays in manufacturingand deliveries of products and services to customers if we lose our sources or if supplies and services delivered from these sourcesare delayed. As a result, we may be required to incur additional development, manufacturing and other costs to establish alternativesupply sources. It may take several months to locate alternative suppliers, if required. We cannot predict whether we will beable to obtain replacement hardware within the required time frames at affordable costs, or at all. Any delays resulting fromsuppliers failing to deliver hardware or delays in obtaining alternative hardware, in sufficient quantities and of sufficientquality, or any significant increase in the cost of hardware from existing or alternative suppliers could result in delays onthe shipment of product which, in turn, could result in the loss of customers we may not be able to successfully complete.  OurDefense ID® system relies on access to databases run by various government agencies. If these governmentalagencies were to stop sharing data with us, the utility of the Defense ID system would be diminished and business would be damaged.  Currently,our Defense ID® system accesses over 100 separate databases run by various government and law enforcement agencies.We cannot be assured that each of these agencies will continue to cooperate with us. In the event that one or more of these agenciesdoes not continue to provide access to these databases, the utility of the Defense ID® system may be diminishedand, as a result, our sales could suffer.  OurDefense ID® system requires permission from each branch of the U.S. military in the form of an Authorityto Operate (ATO). If an existing ATO is revoked, we would risk losing our ability to install our Defense ID®system at military bases.  Wecannot be assured that these permissions will be renewed, and it is possible that they could be revoked. If one or more of thesepermissions is revoked or not renewed, then the sector for the Defense ID® system would be reduced and, as a result,our sales could suffer.  OurDefense ID® system manages private personal information and information related to sensitive governmentfunctions and a breach of the security systems protecting such information may result in a loss of suppliers or customers or resultin litigation.  Theprotective security measures designed to protect sensitive information and contained in our products may not prevent all securitybreaches. Failure to prevent security breaches may disrupt our business, damage our reputation and expose us to litigation andliability. A party who is able to circumvent protective security measures used in these systems could misappropriate sensitiveinformation or cause interruptions or otherwise damage our products, services and reputation as well as the property and privacyof customers. If unintended parties obtain sensitive data and information, or create bugs or viruses or otherwise sabotage thefunctionality of our products, we may receive negative publicity, incur liability to our customers or lose the confidence of ourcustomers, any of which may cause the termination or modification of contracts. Further, our existing insurance coverage may beinsufficient to cover losses and liabilities that may result from such events.   Inaddition, we may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against the threat of security breachesor to alleviate problems caused by the occurrence of any such breaches. However, protective or remedial measures may not be availableat a reasonable price or at all, or may not be entirely effective if commenced.  Futuregovernment regulation restricting the capture of information electronically stored on identification cards could adversely affectour business.  TheDefense ID® system is designed to read, verify and capture information from identification cards. Currently, somejurisdictions have restrictions on what can be done with this information. Because issues of personal privacy continue to be amajor topic of public policy debate, it is possible that, in the future, these or other jurisdictions may introduce similar oradditional restrictions on capturing this information. Therefore, the implementation of unfavorable regulations or unfavorableinterpretations of existing regulations by courts or regulatory bodies could require us to incur significant compliance costs,cause the development of the affected industry sectors to become impractical and reduce our revenues and potential revenues.  Weare subject to risks associated with product failure and technological flaws.  Ourproducts are complex and may contain undetected errors or result in failures when first introduced or when new versions are released.Despite vigorous product testing efforts and testing by current and potential customers, it is possible that errors will be foundin a new product or enhancement after commercial shipments have commenced. The occurrence of product defects or errors could resultin negative publicity, delays in product introduction and the diversion of resources to remedy defects and loss of or delay inindustry acceptance or claims by customers against us and could cause us to incur additional costs, any one of which could adverselyaffect our business. Because of the risk of undetected error, we may be compelled to accept liability provisions that vary fromour preferred contracting model in certain critical transactions. There is a risk that in certain contracts and circumstanceswe may not be successful in adequately minimizing product and related liabilities or that the protections negotiated will notultimately be deemed enforceable.  Wecarry product liability insurance, but existing coverage may not be adequate to cover potential claims. The failure of our productsto perform as promised could result in increased costs, lower margins, liquidated damage payment obligations and harm to our reputation.  Wemay not be able to keep up with rapid technological change.  Thesectors for all of our products are characterized by rapid technological advancements. Significant technological change couldrender existing technology obsolete. If we are unable to successfully respond to these developments, or do not respond in a cost-effectivemanner, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected.  Futurecapital requirements may require incurring debt or dilution of existing stockholders.  Acquisitionand development opportunities and other contingencies may arise, which could require us to raise additional capital or incur debt.If we raise additional capital through the sale of equity, including preferred stock, or convertible debt securities, the percentageownership of our then existing stockholders will be diluted.  Becausewe do not intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock, stockholders will benefit from an investment in our stock only if it appreciatesin value.  Wehave never declared or paid any cash dividends on our shares of stock. We currently intend to retain all future earnings, if any,for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeablefuture. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board ofDirectors and will depend on factors the Board of Directors deems relevant, including among others, our results of operations,financial condition and cash requirements, business prospects, and the terms of our credit facilities and other financing arrangements.Accordingly, realization of a gain on stockholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of our stock.There is no guarantee that our stock will appreciate in value.   Item1B. Unresolved Staff Comments\""
